a voyage to the moon by george tucker
la fiammetta by giovanni boccaccio
divine comedy inferno by dante alighieri
tenterhooks by ada leverson
beneath the banner by f. j. cross
spalding's official baseball guide 1913 edited by john b. foster
edgar allan poe's complete poetical works
chinese literature by anonymous
the atlantic monthly vol. 10 no. 60 october 1862 by various
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 9 july 1858 by various
elves and heroes by donald a. mackenzie
byron by john nichol
the czar's spy by william le queux
american political ideas viewed from the standpoint
home-life of the lancashire factory folk during the cotton famine
the works of charles and mary lamb vol. 3 books for children
the vigil of venus and other poems by q
the book of household management by mrs. isabella beeton
the atlantic monthly vol. 1 no. 2 december 1857 by various
rhetoric and poetry in the renaissance by donald lemen clark
home as found by james fenimore cooper
dracula's guest by bram stoker
england and the war by walter raleigh
english poets of the eighteenth century by various
dio's rome vol. 3 by cassius dio
mohammedanism by c. snouck hurgronje
the black creek stopping-house by nellie mcclung
maria mitchell: life letters and journals by maria mitchell
peck's bad boy at the circus by george w. peck
the poetical works of william wordsworth volume 1
the congo and other poems by vachel lindsay
bleak house by charles dickens
kalitan our little alaskan cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
their crimes by various
sermons on evil-speaking by isaac barrow
sonnets by michael angelo buonarroti & tommaso campanella
persian literature volume 1 comprising the shah nameh
the cavalier songs and ballads of england by various
rose o' the river by kate douglas wiggin
the life of john bunyan by edmund venables
style by walter raleigh
a select collection of old english plays vol. 7 (4th edn.) by various
an antarctic mystery by jules verne
the works of charles and mary lamb vol. 2: elia by charles lamb
domestic manners of the americans by fanny trollope
the works of samuel johnson volume 10 by samuel johnson
life of johnson volume 4 of 6 by boswell
kitty's class day and other stories by louisa m. alcott
the creative process in the individual by thomas troward
england's antiphon by george macdonald
memoir of wm watts mcnair by j. e. howard
old english plays vol. 1 by various
northern trails book 1 by william j. long
the crisis of the naval war by john rushworth jellicoe
the powers and maxine by charles norris williamson
a reading of life by george meredith
extract from captain stormfield's visit to heaven by mark twain
trips to the moon by lucian
wyandotte by james fenimore cooper
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 12 october 1858 by various
american big game in its haunts by various
boswell's life of johnson volume 5 by james boswell
peter's mother by mrs. henry de la pasture
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 11 september 1857 by various
journals of australian explorations by a c and f t gregory
a select collection of old english plays vol. viii
johnny crow's garden by l. leslie brooke
our churches and chapels by atticus
an english garner by various
practice book by leland powers
under king constantine by katrina trask
government and rebellion by e. e. adams
martin eden by jack london
poems by oscar wilde
the mirror of the sea by joseph conrad
the world set free by h. g. wells
the sea lions by james fenimore cooper
a select collection of old english plays vol. 9 by various
johnny crow's party by l. leslie brooke
my strangest case by guy boothby
mike and psmith by p. g. wodehouse
turkish prisoners in egypt by various
cap and gown selected by frederic knowles
william the conqueror by edward augustus freeman
the works of francis beaumont and john fletcher in ten volumes vol. 1
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 10 august 1858 by various
halleck's new english literature by reuben p. halleck
the healthy life cook book 2nd edition by florence daniel
the uprising of a great people by count agenor de gasparin
the reign of greed by jose rizal
select speeches of kossuth
political diary 1828-1830 volume 2 by edward law
sea-power and other studies by admiral sir cyprian bridge
the atlantic monthly vol. 3 no. 15 january 1859 by various
character writings of the 17th century by various
the history of england from the first invasion by the romans
the history of rome vol. 4 by theodor mommsen
the history of rome vol. 5 by theodor mommsen
problems of poverty by john a. hobson
white jacket by herman melville
the extant odes of pindar by pindar
plays by alexander ostrovsky
a collection of old english plays vol. 3 by various
book about animals by rufus merrill
the story of the champions of the round table by howard pyle
chantecler by edmond rostand
a florida sketch-book by bradford torrey
essays of robert louis stevenson
a wanderer in florence by e. v. lucas
the former philippines thru foreign eyes by toms de comyn
yorkshire--coast & moorland scenes by gordon home
paths of glory by irvin s. cobb
why we are at war (2nd edition revised) by oxford faculty
messages and papers of the presidents: harrison by james d. richardson
dead souls by nikolai vasilievich gogol
a horse's tale by mark twain
rolf in the woods by ernest thompson seton
the essays of arthur schopenhauer; religion a dialogue etc.
the history of insects by unknown
dr. johnson's works: life poems and tales vol. 1 by samuel johnson
the life of captain james cook by arthur kitson
the mental life of monkeys and apes by robert m. yerkes
the works of charles and mary lamb vol. 6 letters 1821-1842
hardy ornamental flowering trees and shrubs by a. d. webster
is mars habitable? by alfred russel wallace
paris under the commune by john leighton
the dolorous passion of our lord jesus christ
are you a bromide? by gelett burgess
the tragedies of the medici by edgcumbe staley
dio's rome vol. 4 by cassius dio
babylonian and assyrian literature by anonymous
arthur hamilton and his dog by anonymous
the life and romances of mrs. eliza haywood by george frisbie whicher
dio's rome volume 5 books 61-76 a.d. 54-211 by cassius dio
english poems by richard le gallienne
parent and child vol. 3 child study and training by mosiah hall
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
the description of wales by geraldus cambrensis
the beast in the jungle by henry james
tamburlaine the great part i by christopher marlowe
the world's greatest books vol. 4 by various
the lands of the saracen by bayard taylor
a collection of old english plays vol. 4 by various
the headsman by james fenimore cooper
after waterloo: reminiscences of european travel
lays of the scottish cavaliers and other poems by w. e. aytoun
three frenchmen in bengal by s. c. hill
the love affairs of great musicians volume 1 by rupert hughes
the visits of elizabeth by elinor glyn
lawn tennis for ladies by mrs. lambert chambers
lady john russell by desmond maccarthy and agatha russell
child's new story book anonymous
the infant system by samuel wilderspin
frederick douglass by charles waddell chesnutt
selected speeches on british foreign policy 1738-1914 by edgar jones
a hilltop on the marne by mildred aldrich
the autobiography of an ex-colored man by james weldon johnson
christmas in legend and story by elva s. smith
samuel f. b. morse his letters and journals
samuel f. b. morse his letters and journals
incidents in the life of a slave girl by harriet jacobs
the wife of his youth and other stories of the color line
the atlantic monthly vol. 6 no. 34 august 1860 by various
graf von loeben and the legend of lorelei by allen wilson porterfield
squinty the comical pig by richard barnum
essays in rebellion by henry w. nevinson
old saint paul's by william harrison ainsworth
the atlantic monthly vol. 6 no. 35 september 1860 by various
english men of letters series: george crabbe by alfred ainger
history of modern philosophy by richard falckenberg
coleridge's ancient mariner and select poems by samuel taylor coleridge
the atlantic monthly vol. 6 no. 37 november 1860 by various
the atlantic monthly vol. 7 no. 40 february 1861 by various
the atlantic monthly vol. 7 no. 39 january 1861 by various
the german classics of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
the atlantic monthly vol. 7 no. 41 march 1861 by various
the atlantic monthly vol. 8 no. 45 july 1861 by various
the atlantic monthly vol. 7 no. 42 april 1861 by various
bambi by marjorie benton cooke
a tramp abroad by mark twain
highroads of geography by anonymous
utilitarianism by john stuart mill
delights of wisdom pertaining to conjugial love by emanuel swedenborg
four famous american writers: washington irving edgar allan poe
famous reviews by various
poetical works of samuel johnson thomas parnell
sonnets by the nawab nizamat jung bahadur by nizam-ud-din-ahmad
virgie's inheritance by mrs. georgie sheldon
egyptian ideas of the future life by e. a. wallis budge
folk-tales of napoleon by honore de balzac and alexander amphiteatrof
the slim princess by george ade
plays of gods and men by lord dunsany
wanderings by southern waters eastern aquitaine
vain fortune by george moore
the book of enterprise and adventure by anonymous
the booming of acre hill by john kendrick bangs
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
the atlantic monthly vol. 8 no. 47 september 1861 by various
english literature: modern by g. h. mair
germany and the next war by friedrich von bernhardi
the irrational knot by george bernard shaw
the atlantic monthly vol. 8 no. 48 october 1861 by various
the german classics of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
through the wall by cleveland moffett
the love affairs of great musicians volume 2 by rupert hughes
selected poems of oscar wilde
the itinerary of archibishop baldwin through wales
from london to land's end by daniel defoe
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14 no. 383
the danish history books 1 through 9 by saxo grammaticus
the nibelungenlied by unknown
the lions of the lord by harry leon wilson
scott's last expedition volume i by captain r. f. scott
the golden canyon by g. a. henty
punch vol. 153 nov 21 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
the game by jack london
jerry of the islands by jack london
the jacket (the star-rover) by jack london
adventure by jack london
the iron heel by jack london
punch vol. 153 dec 26 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
human nature in politics by graham wallas
figures of earth by james branch cabell
j. s. le fanu's ghostly tales volume 1 by joseph sheridan le fanu
the makers and teachers of judaism by charles foster kent
washington and his colleagues: a chronicle of the rise and fall
punch vol. 153 jul 25 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
kincaid's battery by george w. cable
the memorabilia recollections of socrates by xenophon
life of johnson volume 6 (of 6) by james boswell
u.s. copyright renewals 1959 january - june by us copyright office
poems by alice meynell
war of the classes by jack london
the lair of the white worm by bram stoker
u.s. copyright renewals 1974 january - june by us copyright office
isaac t. hopper by l. maria child
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 20 no. 563
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 20 no. 570
venetia by benjamin disraeli
hodge and his masters by richard jefferies
citizen bird by mabel osgood wright and elliott coues
ailsa paige by robert w. chambers
the jolly corner by henry james
the double-dealer by william congreve
the coxon fund by henry james
the adventures of louis de rougemont by louis de rougemont
glasses by henry james
the winning of the west volume four by theodore roosevelt
a brief memoir of eliza southall by eliza southall
the diverting history of john gilpin by william cowper
a residence in france complete by an english lady
the servant in the house a play by charles rann kennedy
moby dick by herman melville
the song of hiawatha by henry w. longfellow
queen hortense by l. muhlbach
gargantua and pantagruel complete by francois rabelais
the colour of life by alice meynell
george washington's rules of civility by moncure d. conway
the world's greatest books vol ix ed. by arthur mee & j.a. hammerton
the philippines: past and present (volume 1 of 2)
letters of travel (1892-1913) by rudyard kipling
the man that corrupted hadleyburg by mark twain
penelope's experiences in scotland by kate douglas wiggin
an essay on comedy by george meredith
poetical works of william wordsworth vol. 2 of 8
liza by ivan sergeevich turgenev
the arabian nights entertainments by andrew lang
delsarte system of oratory by francois delsarte et al.
faraday as a discoverer by john tyndall
in the name of the bodleian and other essays by augustine birrell
a study in magic and religion vol. 1 of 2 by james george frazer
first across the continent by noah brooks
elizabethan parish in its ecclesiastical and financial aspects by ware
heart of man by george edward woodberry
sir robert hart by juliet bredon
the making of religion by andrew lang
poetical works of william wordsworth vol. 3 of 8
the inferno by henri barbusse
hearts of controversy by alice meynell
de orbe novo volume 1 (of 2) trans. by francis augustus macnutt
recent tendencies in ethics by william ritchie sorley
twenty years after by alexandre dumas pere
aether by matthew turner
the vicomte de bragelonne by alexandre dumas pere
phebe her profession by anna chapin ray
jane eyre by charlotte bronte
cock lane and common-sense by andrew lang
the autobiography of a slander by edna lyall
the rhythm of life and other essays by alice meynell
helen with the high hand (2nd ed.) by arnold bennett
the new north by agnes deans cameron
one hundred best books by john cowper powys
ceres' runaway and other essays by alice meynell
the provost by john galt
contes francais by douglas labaree buffum
eugene field a study in heredity and contradictions by slason thompson
more goops and how not to be them by gelett burgess
raphael by alphonse de lamartine
enemies of books by william blades
the spirit of place and other essays by alice meynell
reveries of a schoolmaster by francis b. pearson
selected stories by bret harte
autobiography and selected essays by thomas henry huxley
the lives of john donne &c vol. ii by izaak walton
the christian life by thomas arnold
narrative and lyric poems by o. j. stevenson
maria by mary wollstonecraft
les miserables by victor hugo
george sand some aspects of her life and writings by rene doumic
the lost world by arthur conan doyle
criminal psychology by hans gross
elizabeth and her german garden by elizabeth
the dollar hen by milo m. hastings
a little catechism 1692 by john mason
robert f. murray his poems with memoir
the ancien regime by charles kingsley
shelley by francis thompson
shelley by sydney waterlow
selected prose of oscar wilde by oscar wilde
the collected works of ambrose bierce vol. ii by ambrose bierce
matthew arnold's sohrab and rustum and other poems by matthew arnold
russia by donald mackenzie wallace
essays on taste by john gilbert cooper
women and the alphabet by thomas wentworth higginson
essay upon wit by sir richard blackmore
brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 1 no. 1 jan 1895
the country doctor by honore de balzac
off on a comet by jules verne
past and present by thomas carlyle
the art of war by baron henri de jomini
historical lectures and essays by charles kingsley
the correspondence of carlyle and emerson vol ii carlyle and emerson
the adventures of captain bonneville by washington irving
the ayrshire legatees by john galt
mother by owen wister
little journeys to the homes of american statesmen by elbert hubbard
penelope's irish experiences by kate douglas wiggin
the seven poor travellers by charles dickens
the holly-tree by charles dickens
letters on literature by andrew lang
rienzi the last of the roman tribunes by edward bulwer lytton
the ruins by constantin francois de volney
ilka on the hill-top and other stories by hjalmar hjorth boyesen
duty of disobedience to the fugitive slave act by lydia maria child
the every-day life of abraham lincoln by francis fisher browne
the harvard classics vol. 49 epic and saga ed. by charles w. eliot
the perils of certain english prisoners by charles dickens
a message from the sea by charles dickens
the suppressed poems of alfred lord tennyson by alfred lord tennyson
true irish ghost stories by st john d seymour
tom tiddler's ground by charles dickens
somebody's luggage by charles dickens
doctor marigold by charles dickens
mrs. lirriper's lodgings by charles dickens
mugby junction by charles dickens
akbar emperor of india by richard von garbe
common sense by thomas paine
mrs. lirriper's legacy by charles dickens
going into society by charles dickens
no thoroughfare by charles dickens and wilkie collins
castle rackrent by maria edgeworth
the lure of the north by harold bindloss
essays by alice meynell
a voyage to abyssinia by jerome lobo
the way of a man by emerson hough
the street called straight by basil king
esther by henry adams
woman and labour by olive schreiner
the mutiny of the bounty by sir john barrow
the english novel by george saintsbury
sophocles: the seven plays in english verse by lewis campbell
scottish sketches by amelia edith huddleston barr
the religions of india by edward washburn hopkins
sister teresa by george moore
an account of the battle of chateauguay by william d. lighthall
a legend of montrose by sir walter scott
the private papers of henry ryecroft by george gissing
the wreck of the golden mary by charles dickens
sketches and studies in italy and greece second series by symonds
the development of the european nations by john holland rose
muslin by george moore
chance by joseph conrad
a parody outline of history by donald ogden stewart
camping for boys by h.w. gibson
timid hare by mary hazelton wade
daddy takes us to the garden by howard r. garis
the hilltop boys on lost island by cyril burleigh
famous violinists of to-day and yesterday by henry c. lahee
some remarks on the tragedy of hamlet by anonymous
a reversible santa claus by meredith nicholson
green fields and running brooks and other poems james whitcomb riley
the hoosier schoolmaster by edward eggleston
heart's desire by emerson hough
the bobbsey twins in a great city by laura lee hope
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 13 ed. by blair and robertson
out to win by coningsby dawson
daddy-long-legs by jean webster
sevenoaks by j. g. holland
pearl of pearl island by john oxenham
a portraiture of quakerism volume ii (of 3) by thomas clarkson
the real adventure by henry kitchell webster
the littlest rebel by edward peple
new faces by myra kelly
the letters of lord nelson to lady hamilton vol. i by horatio nelson
love stories by mary roberts rinehart
new york times current history: the european war jun 1915 v. 2 no. 3
the care and feeding of children by l. emmett holt
love in '76 by oliver bell bunce
a lady of quality by frances hodgson burnett
a cathedral courtship by kate douglas wiggin
songs from books by rudyard kipling
the great round world vol. 1 no. 27 may 13 1897 by various
the s. w. f. club by caroline e. jacobs
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 18 ed. by blair & robertson
the great round world vol. 1 no. 30 june 3 1897 by various
the evolution of modern medicine by william osler
the beacon second reader by james h. fassett
the christmas angel by abbie farwell brown
aucassin and nicolete by andrew lang
the gay lord quex by arthur w. pinero
the claverings by anthony trollope
charmides by plato
the holy bible douay-rheims version both testaments by anonymous
the holy bible douay-rheims version new testament by anonymous
options by o. henry
memories by fannie a. (mrs.) beers
initial studies in american letters by henry a. beers
elene; judith; athelstan; byrhtnoth; dream of the rood by anonymous
how to tell the birds from the flowers by robert williams wood
essays in little by andrew lang
his excellency the minister by jules claretie
the bible douay-rheims old testament part i by anonymous
the great round world vol. 1 no. 48 october 7 1897 by various
the anti-slavery alphabet by anonymous
the war on all fronts: england's effort by mrs. humphry ward
the wharf by the docks by florence warden
the eternal maiden by t. everett harr?
for woman's love by mrs. e. d. e. n. southworth
austin and his friends by frederic h. balfour
the bible douay-rheims old testament part 2 by anonymous
old english libraries by ernest savage
the great round world vol. 1 no. 38 july 29 1897 by various
harry by fanny wheeler hart
then marched the brave by harriet t. comstock
the gun-brand by james b. hendryx
the great round world vol. 1 no. 55 november 25 1897 by various
his life by william e. barton theodore g. soares and sydney strong
corporal sam and other stories by a. t. quiller-couch
american handbook of the daguerrotype by samuel d. humphrey
history and practice of the art of photography by henry h. snelling
lectures on the english poets by william hazlitt
bought and paid for by arthur hornblow
the magical monarch of mo and his people by l. frank baum
the life and adventures of kit carson by de witt c. peters
england in america 1580-1652 by lyon gardiner tyler
historic tales vol. 1 (of 15) by charles morris
a monk of fife by andrew lang
sanitary and social lectures and essays by charles kingsley
the women of the caesars by guglielmo ferrero
the waif of the cynthia by andr?aurie and jules verne
notes and queries number 20 march 16 1850 by various
olden time series vol. 5: some strange and curious punishments brooks
rhymes a la mode by andrew lang
roads of destiny by o. henry
the upas tree by florence l. barclay
lectures and essays by thomas henry huxley
a little cook book for a little girl by french benton
the god of his fathers by jack london
crito by plato
life of lord byron with his letters and journals vol. 4 ed. by moore
foes by mary johnston
life of lord byron with his letters and journals vol. 5 ed. by moore
the golden asse by lucius apuleius
my aunt margaret's mirror by sir walter scott
empire builders by francis lynde
the fotygraft album by frank wing
stories to tell children by sara cone bryant
history of the wars books i and ii (of 8) by procopius
the heart of the desert by honor?illsie morrow
the declaration of independence by thomas jefferson
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. 4 (of 4) ed. by t.j. randolph
lydia of the pines by honor?illsie morrow
an eye for an eye by anthony trollope
the people of the abyss by jack london
the harris-ingram experiment by charles e. bolton
woman's endurance by a.d.l
oonomoo the huron by edward s. ellis
the halo by bettina von hutten
madam how and lady why by charles kingsley
the survivors of the chancellor by jules verne
skookum chuck fables by skookum chuck (pseud for r.d. cumming)
tacitus: the histories volumes i and ii by caius cornelius tacitus
treat 'em rough by ring w. lardner
'way down east by joseph r. grismer
dick and brownie by mabel quiller-couch
the texan by james b. hendryx
the discipline of war by john hasloch potter
life of charlotte bronte vol. 2 by elizabeth cleghorn gaskel
the submarine boys on duty by victor g. durham
the submarine boys for the flag by victor g. durham
a great emergency and other tales by juliana horatia gatty ewing
the pianoforte sonata by j.s. shedlock
the rocket book by peter newell
the condition elevation emigration ... by martin r. delany
golden days for boys and girls vol. xii jan. 3 1891 by various
the haunted hotel by wilkie collins
quilt that jack built; how he won the bicycle by annie fellows johnston
martin luther's large catechism
finished by h. rider haggard
heart of the west by o. henry
the odyssey by homer
mother west wind where stories by thornton w. burgess
the mormon prophet by lily dougall
michael brother of jerry by jack london
sister songs by francis thompson
the black death; the dancing mania by justus friedrich karl hecker
political and literary essays 1908-1913 by evelyn baring
initiative psychic energy by warren hilton
arms and the woman by harold macgrath
the dreamer by mary newton stanard
the poetical works of john milton
new collected rhymes by andrew lang
health and education by charles kingsley
great singers first series by george t. ferris
a jolly by josh by josh
the garden you and i by mabel osgood wright
life of lord byron vol. i. (of vi.) by thomas moore
suppression of the african slave trade to the us by w. e. b. du bois
the bay state monthly volume 3 no. 4 by various
the moving picture boys on the war front by victor appleton
king winter by anonymous
the house by the church-yard by j. sheridan le fanu
the story of bawn by katharine tynan
memories of childhood's slavery days by annie l. burton
honey-sweet by edna turpin
the hand of fu-manchu by sax rohmer
the gentle grafter by o. henry
potash & perlmutter by montague glass
some winter days in iowa by frederick john lazell
the life of charlotte bronte vol. 1 by elizabeth gaskell
claverhouse by mowbray morris
the delight makers by adolf bandelier
types of naval officers by a. t. mahan (a.k.a.: alfred thayer mahan)
the complete poems of paul laurence dunbar by paul laurence dunbar
the argosy vol. 51 no. 4 april 1891 ed. by charles w. woods
abraham lincoln by lord charnwood
the shipwreck by joseph spillman
zuleika dobson by max beerbohm
a midsummer holiday and other poems by algernon charles swinburne
the story of the hymns and tunes theron brown and hezekiah butterworth
the treasure of heaven by marie corelli
campaigns of the british army 1814-1815 by g. r. gleig
a court of inquiry by grace s. richmond
suzanna stirs the fire by emily calvin blake
sex in education by edward h. clarke
nick baba's last drink and other sketches by george p. goff
ban and arriere ban by andrew lang
a dark month by algernon charles swinburne
the battle of principles by newell dwight hillis
the child's day by woods hutchinson
the religion of ancient rome by cyril bailey
across the sea and other poems. by thomas s. chard
taken by the enemy by oliver optic
the life of george washington vol. 5 (of 5) by john marshall
bully and bawly no-tail by howard r. garis
hark! the herald angels sing by felix mendelssohn
lincoln's second inaugural address march 4
north america vol. 2 of 2 by anthony trollope
the diary of a goose girl by kate douglas wiggin
the victorian age in literature by g. k. chesterton
phineas redux by anthony trollope
the swindler and other stories by ethel m. dell
what might have been expected by frank r. stockton
the seventh manchesters by s. j. wilson
the hills of hingham by dallas lore sharp
bruges and west flanders by george w. t. omond
never-fail blake by arthur stringer
historical mysteries by andrew lang
a certain rich man by william allen white
the wide wide world by elizabeth wetherell
the victim by thomas dixon
from the ball-room to hell by t. a. faulkner
physiology and hygiene for secondary schools by francis marion walters
swirling waters by max rittenberg
bunyan characters first series by alexander whyte
bunyan characters second series by alexander whyte
the life of the spider by j. henri fabre
fairies and folk of ireland by william henry frost
ducks at a distance by robert w. hines
a thoughtless yes by helen h. gardener
then i'll come back to you by larry evans
visit to iceland and the scandinavian north by ida pfeiffer
tom slade with the boys over there by percy k. fitzhugh
a journal from our legation in belgium by hugh gibson
wolf breed by jackson gregory
how women love by max simon nordau
all aboard by fannie e. newberry
the customs of old england by f. j. snell
typee by herman melville
secret of the woods by william j. long
the old peabody pew by kate douglas wiggin
erewhon by samuel butler
the terrible twins by edgar jepson
adrift on an ice-pan by wilfred t. grenfell
the silent house by fergus hume
in the yule-log glow book ii by various
secret societies and subversive movements by nesta h. webster
cerberus the dog of hades by maurice bloomfield
raemaekers' cartoons by louis raemaekers
the empire of love by w. j. dawson
baseball abc by mcloughlin bros
the andes and the amazon by james orton
the history of england in three volumes vol.ii by tobias smollett
droll stories vol. 1 by honore de balzac
the school for scandal by richard brinsley sheridan
his heart's queen by mrs. georgie sheldon
secret history revealed by lady peggy o'malley c.n. and a.m. williamson
raphael by estelle m. hurll
knickerbocker or new-york monthly magazine january 1844 by various
on christmas day in the evening by grace louise smith richmond
an author's mind by martin farquhar tupper
the outcasts by w. a. fraser
child songs of cheer by evaleen stein
a truthful woman in southern california by kate sanborn
the little tea book by arthur gray
on the spanish main by john masefield
history of rationalism embracing a survey of the present
st. nicholas magazine for boys and girls vol. 5
frank merriwell's reward by burt l. standish
the amateur garden by george w. cable
egmont by johann wolfgang von goethe
on war vol. 1 by carl von clausewitz
the price by francis lynde
roughing it de luxe by irvin s. cobb
the life of joan of arc vol. 1 and 2 (of 2) by anatole france
canoe mates in canada by st. george rathborne
book of strife in the form of the diary of an old soul
and even now by max beerbohm
the crown of thorns by e. h. chapin
the guests of hercules by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
van dyck by estelle m. hurll
maha-bharata by anonymous
a smaller history of rome by william smith and eugene lawrence
buttercup gold and other stories by ellen robena field
debit and credit by gustav freytag
the rural motor express by us government
milton's comus by john milton
the foolish dictionary by gideon wurdz
knocking the neighbors by george ade
moody's anecdotes and illustrations by dwight l. moody
five pebbles from the brook by george bethune english
thus spake zarathustra by friedrich nietzsche
history ... foreign missions ... oriental churches vol. ii by anderson
a righte merrie christmasse by john ashton
story-tell lib by annie trumbull slosson
pirate gold by frederic jesup stimson
a fair penitent by wilkie collins
origin of species 6th edition by charles darwin
scottish ghost stories by elliott o'donnell
the mermaid by lily dougall
caruso and tetrazzini on the art of singing by caruso and tetrazzini
frank fairlegh illustrated complete by frank e. smedley
the children by alice meynell
the petticoat commando by johanna brandt
the lion's brood by duffield osborne
angling sketches by andrew lang
ten books on architecture by vitruvius
frontier boys in frisco by wyn roosevelt
a handbook of health by woods hutchinson
flatland: a romance of many dimensions (illustrated) by edwin a. abbot
the spell of the yukon by robert service
daisy miller by henry james
legends of babylon and egypt by leonard w. king
novel notes by jerome k. jerome
the moving picture girls at rocky ranch by laura lee hope
the lovely lady by mary austin
notes and queries number 189 june 11 1853 ed. by george bell
the seventh noon by frederick orin bartlett
confessions of an english opium-eater by thomas de quincey
the education of henry adams by henry adams
the boy scouts' first camp fire by herbert carter
the plum tree by david graham phillips
a journey through france in war time by joseph g. butler jr
grace harlowe's fourth year at overton college by jessie graham flower
real life in london illustrated volumes i. and ii. by pierce egan
henry of monmouth volume 2 by j. endell tyler
afloat by alan douglas
dickory cronke by daniel defoe
everybody's business is nobody's business by daniel defoe
the voyageur and other poems by william henry drummond
the history of the caliph vathek by william beckford
all for love by john dryden
a journey to the western isles of scotland by samuel johnson
the religion of babylonia and assyria by theophilus g. pinches
the sleeping bard by ellis wynne
the tory maid by herbert baird stimpson
other main-travelled roads by hamlin garland
under the country sky by grace s. richmond
the valet's tragedy and other stories by andrew lang
st. ronan's well by sir walter scott
the blunders of a bashful man by metta victoria fuller victor
a field book of the stars by william tyler olcott
traditions of the north american indians vol. 3 (of 3) by j. a. jones
the way of all flesh by samuel butler
cyropaedia by xenophon
life and letters of charles darwin vol. 1 of 2 by charles darwin
life and letters of charles darwin vol. 2 of 2 by charles darwin
the big brother by george cary eggleston
the right stuff by ian hay
a window in thrums by j. m. barrie
little novels of italy by maurice henry hewlett
the original writings of samuel adams vol. 2
history of the moravian church by j. e. hutton
the international monthly magazine vol. 5 no. 1 january 1852
in the yule-log glow vol. iv (of iv) by harrison s. morris
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 1 of 21 birth
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 3 of 21 the hohenzollerns
afloat on the flood by lawrence j. leslie
the trawler by james brendan connolly
heroes of modern europe by alice birkhead
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 10 of 21 at reinsberg
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 16 of 22 the ten years
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 17 of 21 the seven-years
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 18 of 21 seven-years war
the recent revolution in organ building by george laing miller
the law and lawyers of pickwick by frank lockwood
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 21 of 21 afternoon and
history of friedrich ii of prussia appendix a day with friedrich
record of buddhistic kingdoms by fa-hien
murad the unlucky and other tales by maria edgeworth
in africa by john t. mccutcheon
the four pools mystery by jean webster
the aspern papers by henry james
the man from snowy river by andrew barton 'banjo' paterson
in the days when the world was wide and other verses by henry lawson
the nabob vol. 2 (of 2) by alphonse daudet
utopia by thomas more
the tale of balen by algernon charles swinburne
the skipper's wooing and the brown man's servant by w. w. jacobs
the works of aphra behn vol. i (of 6) by aphra behn
priscilla's spies by george a. birmingham
the works of edgar allan poe
secret of the island by w.h.g. kingston
gryll grange by thomas love peacock
female suffrage by susan fenimore cooper
the prime minister by anthony trollope
textiles and clothing by kate heintz watson
the queen's matrimonial ladder by william hone
tum tum the jolly elephant by richard barnum
society by henry kalloch rowe
the best of the world's classics prose vol. ii - rome by various
the lumley autograph by susan fenimore cooper
the miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay
when patty went to college by jean webster
the romance of old new england rooftrees by mary caroline crawford
a cluster of grapes by various
in and around berlin by minerva brace norton
george at the fort by harry castlemon
best of the world's classics...prose vol. iii great britain & ireland
the rover of the andes by r.m. ballantyne
six months at the cape by r.m. ballantyne
the walrus hunters by r.m. ballantyne
the handbook of soap manufacture by w. h. simmons and h. a. appleton
dusty diamonds cut and polished by r.m. ballantyne
thoughts on the present discontents and speeches by edmund burke
seven discourses on art by joshua reynolds
the golden dream by r.m. ballantyne
kate coventry by g. j. whyte-melville
child stories from the masters by maud menefee
practical mysticism by evelyn underhill
second book of tales by eugene field
the trial and death of jesus christ by james stalker
kalli the esquimaux christian by thomas boyles murray
the old stone house and other stories by anna katharine green
sense and sensibility by jane austen
the woman in black by edmund clerihew bentley
the bay and padie book by furnley maurice
peter the great by jacob abbott
the rover boys at colby hall by arthur m. winfield
the millionaire baby by anna katharine green
the master of mrs. chilvers by jerome k. jerome
letters from a self-made merchant to his son by george horace lorimer
kemps nine daies wonder by william kemp
the genius by margaret horton potter
narrative of some of the lord's dealings with george muller by muller
standish of standish by jane g. austin
stories of king arthur and his knights by u. waldo cutler
the mountain that was 'god' by john h. williams
cornelius o'dowd upon men and women by charles lever
tess of the storm country by grace miller white
official report of the niger valley exploring party by delany
gathering jewels by james knowles and matilda darroch knowles
the expressman and the detective by allan pinkerton
my studio neighbors by william hamilton gibson
old rail fence corners by various
the comedies of terence by publius terentius afer [a.k.a.: terence]
an englishwoman's home by mrs. a. burnett smith
the flight of pony baker by w. d. howells
aunt jo's scrap-bag vol. 5 by louisa m. alcott
miss pat at artemis lodge by pemberton ginther
shorty mccabe by sewell ford
the legacy of greece by various
phil bradley's mountain boys by silas k. boone
nicanor - teller of tales by c. bryson taylor
an american robinson crusoe by samuel b. allison
slain by the doones by r. d. blackmore
frida by r. d. blackmore
george bowring - a tale of cader idris by r. d. blackmore
crocker's hole by r. d. blackmore
the duchess of malfi by john webster
a woman who went to alaska by may kellogg sullivan
frank merriwell down south by burt l. standish
breaking away by oliver optic
the verbalist by thomas embly osmun (a.k.a. alfred ayres)
the swedish revolution under gustavus vasa by paul barron watson
chivalry by james branch cabell
across unknown south america by arnold henry savage landor
gardening indoors and under glass by f. f. rockwell
power of mental imagery by warren hilton
as it was in the beginning by philip verrill mighels
hindu-arabic numeralsby david eugene smith and louis charles karpinski
the severed hand by wilhelm hauff
the young miner by horatio alger jr.
boy scouts on hudson bay by g. harvey ralphson
patent laws of the republic of hawaii by hawaii
old fort snelling by marcus l. hansen
the shellback's progress by walter runciman
hermit of ------ street by anna katharine green (mrs. charles rohlfs)
tales for fifteen by jane morgan
paul patoff by f. marion crawford
the dragon painter by mary mcneil fenollosa
the sceptical chymist by robert boyle
the gypsies by charles g. leland
rival pitchers of oakdale by morgan scott
nell of shorne mills by charles garvice
the narrative of the life of frederick douglass by frederick douglass
orley farm by anthony trollope
the descent of man by charles darwin
legends and lyrics: first series by adelaide anne procter
bunyan characters third series by alexander whyte
the comedy of errors by william shakespeare [cambridge edition]
the dean's watch by erckmann-chatrian
the dead are silent by arthur schnitzler
the broken cup by johann heinrich daniel zschokke
olla podrida by frederick marryat (a.k.a. captain marryat)
a good-for-nothing by hjalmar hjorth boyesen
putois by anatole france
a house to let by charles dickens wilkie collins
semiramis and other plays by olive tilford dargan
mistress anne by temple bailey
the settlers at home by harriet martineau
the lady doc by caroline lockhart
mechanical drawing self-taught by joshua rose
surly tim by frances hodgson burnett
le monsieur de la petite dame by frances hodgson burnett
religions of ancient china by herbert a. giles
history of phoenicia by george rawlinson
critical and historical essays vol. 1 by thomas babington macaulay
quite so by thomas bailey aldrich
a reversion to type by josephine daskam
mrs. dud's sister by josephine daskam
handbook to the new gold-fields by r. m. ballantyne
halima and the scorpions by robert hichens
behind the beyond by stephen leacock
the bishop's secret by fergus hume
the long hillside by thomas nelson page
the mormon menace by john doyle lee and alfred henry lewis
tea-table talk by jerome k. jerome
the formation of vegetable mould by charles darwin
tommy and co. by jerome k. jerome
where angels fear to tread and other stories of the sea by robertson
in tune with the infinite by ralph waldo trine
rookwood by william harrison ainsworth
socialism: positive and negative by robert rives la monte
searchlights on health: light on dark corners by jefferis and nichols
the riddle of the sands by erskine childers
the princess of montpensier by madame de la fayette
the angel and the author - and others by jerome k. jerome
italian popular tales by thomas frederick crane
plutarch's morals by plutarch
marjorie dean high school freshman by pauline lester
21 by frank crane
flamsted quarries by mary e. waller
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of salisbury by gleeson white
keats: poems published in 1820 by john keats
the life of mansie wauch by d. m. moir
the mythological zoo by oliver herford
the building of a book by various
the history of sir richard calmady by lucas malet
an idyl of the east side by thomas a. janvier
the bhagavad-gita by anonymous
anti-slavery opinions before the year 1800 by poole and buchanan
mrs. christy's bridge party by sara ware bassett
there was a king in egypt by norma lorimer
a day at the county fair by alice hale burnett
in blue creek canon by anna chapin ray
dave porter in the gold fields by edward stratemeyer
the king's mirror by anthony hope
myths and legends of christmastide by bertha f. herrick
john eliot's first indian teacher and interpreter cockenoe-de-long
jimmy crow by edith francis foster
a history of nursery rhymes by percy b. green
dr. johnson and his circle by john bailey
the girls at mount morris by amanda minnie douglas
special messenger by robert w. chambers
general john regan by george a. birmingham
textiles by william h. dooley
bonaventure by george washington cable
lincoln's last hours by charles a. leale
the root of evil by thomas dixon
beautiful wretch; the pupil of aurelius; & the four macnicols
the story of red feather by edward s. ellis
the mutiny of the elsinore by jack london
oldport days by thomas wentworth higginson
two poems against pope by welsted guerinot and anonymous
the lost despatch by natalie sumner lincoln
andrew lang's introduction to the compleat angler
anecdotes of the late samuel johnson ll.d. by hesther lynch piozzi
a bundle of letters by henry james
the diary of a man of fifty by henry james
essay on man by alexander pope
days off by henry van dyke
the forged coupon and other stories by leo tolstoy
irish ned by samuel fea
romantic ballads by george borrow
is shakespeare dead? by mark twain
the new atlantis by frances bacon
they and i by jerome k. jerome
collected poems by austin dobson
coming home by edith wharton
historic boyhoods by rupert sargent holland
the life of napoleon bonaparte vol. i by william milligan sloane
teddy: her book by anna chapin ray
floyd grandon's honor by amanda minnie douglas
365 luncheon dishes by anonymous
the wesleyan methodist pulpit in malvern by knowles king
the young lord and other tales by camilla toulmin et. al.
poems: old and new by henry newbolt
the story of the mormons by william alexander linn
letters on england by voltaire
the wit and humor of america volume x (of x) by various
from fort henry to corinth by manning ferguson force
pirates by anonymous
report for the year 1890-81 by department of ports and harbours
the blue wall by richard washburn child
nights by elizabeth robins pennell
a half century of conflict - volume i by francis parkman
still jim by honor?illsie morrow
the lost princess of oz by l. frank baum
tobacco; its history varieties culture manufacture and
the cat and the mouse by hartwell james
zip the adventures of a frisky fox terrier
the justice of the king by hamilton drummond
the story of pocahontas and captain john smith by e. boyd smith
little white fox and his arctic friends by roy j. snell
the boy who knew what the birds said by padraic colum
the spirit of lafayette by james mott hallowell
making a rock garden by henry sherman adams
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume i (of 10) by lockhart
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume v (of 10) by lockhart
the green carnation by robert smythe hichens
the greville memoirs (second part) vol. 1 by charles c. f. greville
christianity as a mystical fact by rudolf steiner
cricket at the seashore by elizabeth westyn timlow
harbor tales down north by norman duncan
fragments of science v. 1-2 by john tyndall
the history of herodotus vol. 2 of 2 by herodotus
sermons on the card and other discourses by hugh latimer
on the tree top by clara doty bates
the autobiography of st. ignatius by saint ignatius loyola
kinston whitehall and goldsboro (north carolina)
country neighbors by alice brown
between the lines by henry bascom smith
fifty salads by thomas jefferson murrey
desk and debit by oliver optic
down south by oliver optic
mr. faust by arthur davison ficke
the boat club by oliver optic
the jingle book by carolyn wells
the best of the world's classics prose vol. vii (of x) by various
a manual of the operations of surgery by joseph bell
high adventure by james norman hall
loss and gain by john henry newman
mary louise solves a mystery by l. frank baum
ship-bored by julian street
man overboard! by f(rancis) marion crawford
the story of cole younger by himself by cole younger
the lowest rung by mary cholmondeley
the tale of ferdinand frog by arthur scott bailey
experiments upon magnesia alba quicklime and some
a letter to the reverend mr. channing relative to his two
cobb's bill-of-fare by irvin shrewsbury cobb
history of the thirty-ninth congress of the united states by barnes
games for all occasions by mary e. blain
a young mutineer by mrs. l. t. meade
the house of toys by henry russell miller
renee mauperin by edmond de goncourt and jules de goncourt
gleams of sunshine by joseph horatio chant
history of the nineteenth army corps by richard biddle irwin
the tale of kiddie katydid by arthur scott bailey
the monitor and the merrimac by lieut. j.l. worden
the pianolist by gustav kobb?
mother goose by anonymous
booker t. washington by emmett j. scott and lyman beecher stowe
the tale of jimmy rabbit by arthur scott bailey
the madonna of the future by henry james
history of florence and of the affairs of italy by niccolo machiavelli
virgin soil by ivan s. turgenev
freaks of fortune by oliver optic
reminiscences of the military life and sufferings of col.
bromide printing and enlarging by john a. tennant
the gentle art of making enemies by james mcneill whistler
old times at otterbourne by charlotte m. yonge
personal recollections and experiences concerning the
ontario teachers' manuals: household management ministry of education
hortense makers of history series by john s. c. abbott
a soldier's life by edwin g. rundle
aether and gravitation by william george hooper
making a garden of perennials by w. c. egan
the god of love by justin huntly mccarthy
a phenomenal fauna by carolyn wells
lilith by ada langworthy collier
quilts by marie d. webster
chips from a german workshop - volume i by friedrich max muller
the making of a trade school by mary schenck woolman
new italian sketches by john addington symonds
a bit of sunshine by unknown
william black by john maclean
the daughter of a magnate by frank h. spearman
in school and out by oliver optic
some personal recollections of dr. janeway by james bayard clark
a history of french literature by edward dowden
the ghost breaker by paul dickey and charles goddard
the woman with a stone heart by oscar william coursey
the biology physiology & sociology of reproduction by winfield s. hall
bamboo tales by ira l. reeves
little prudy by sophie may
stories of new jersey by frank richard stockton
fairy tales from brazil by elsie spicer eells
amateur fish culture by charles edward walker
letters from port royal by various
a history of art for beginners and students: painting sculpture
spontaneous activity in education by maria montessori
stories of georgia by joel chandler harris
the friendly road by david grayson
stanford stories by charles k. field and will h. irwin
bidwell's travels from wall street to london prison by bidwell
the campaign of trenton 1776-77 by samuel adams drake
mary mary by james stephens
the valley of the kings by marmaduke pickthall
mizora: a prophecy by mary e. bradley
achenwall's observations on north america by gottfried achenwall
wit and wisdom of don quixote by miguel de cervantes saavedra
the story of general gordon by jeanie lang
the eyes of the woods by joseph a. altsheler
diggers in the earth by eva march tappan
the world peril of 1910 by george griffith
the opal serpent by fergus hume
a prisoner of morro by upton sinclair
sara crewe by frances hodgson burnett
up the river by oliver optic
celebrated travels and travellers part i by jules verne
letters of queen victoria vol 2 (of 3) 1844-1853 by queen victoria
the royal pawn of venice by mrs. lawrence turnbull
nero by stephen phillips
the south of france--east half by charles bertram black
unto caesar by baroness emmuska orczy
early english meals and manners by various
blow the man down by holman day
america first ed. by jasper l. mcbrien
the escape of mr. trimm by irvin s. cobb
darwin and after darwin (vol. 1 and 3 of 3) by george john romanes
the rider in khaki by nat gould
the better germany in war time by harold picton
viking tales by jennie hall
life at puget sound: sketches of travel by caroline c. leighton
sketches of travel in normandy and maine by edward a. freeman
the queen's twin and other stories by sarah orne jewett
the ghost of chatham; a vision by anonymous
hildegarde's holiday by laura e. richards
rita by laura e. richards
margaret montfort by laura e. richards
the uses of italic by frederick w. hamilton
the movement and habits of climbing plants by charles darwin
queer little folks by harriet beecher stowe
the blonde lady by maurice leblanc
the re-echo club by carolyn wells
friendly visiting among the poor by mary ellen richmond
the defence of duffer's drift by ernest dunlop swinton
the wonders of the jungle by prince sarath ghosh
the eugenic marriage vol. 2 (of 4) by w. grant hague
concrete construction by halbert p. gillette and charles s. hill
odysseus the hero of ithaca by homer
the story of wool by sara ware bassett
samuel richardson's introduction to pamela by samuel richardson
a lieutenant at eighteen by optic oliver
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1896 to 1901 lucy maud montgomery
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1902 to 1903 lucy maud montgomery
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1904 by lucy maud montgomery
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1905 to 1906 lucy maud montgomery
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1907 to 1908 lucy maud montgomery
lucy maud montgomery short stories 1909 to 1922 lucy maud montgomery
the wreck of the titan by morgan robertson
new and original theories of the great physical forces by rogers
commercial geography by jacques w. redway
stray leaves from an arctic journal by sherard osborn
the great white tribe in filipinia by paul t. gilbert
the annual catalogue: numb. ii. (1738) by various
molly brown's senior days by nell speed
history of the eighty-sixth regiment illinois volunteer
the lady and the pirate by emerson hough
the last woman by ross beeckman
the honourable mr. tawnish by jeffery farnol
glances at europe by horace greeley
the tribune of nova scotia by w. l. (william lawson) grant
the man who knew by edgar wallace
the thunders of silence by irvin shrewsbury cobb
from a cornish window by arthur thomas quiller-couch
travels in the far east by ellen mary hayes peck
reminiscences of forts sumter & moultrie in 1860-61 by abner doubleday
ontario teachers' manuals: literature
thirty indian legends by margaret bemister
william pitt and the great war by john holland rose
trapped in 'black russia' by ruth pierce
little gidding and its inmates in the time of king charles i by acland
comedies of courtship by anthony hope
a short method of prayer and spiritual torrents
thirteen chapters of american history by theodore sutro
the americans in the south seas by louis becke
the tapu of banderah by louis becke
the beginning of the sea story of australia by louis becke
english book collectors by william younger fletcher
a confederate girl's diary by sarah margan dawson
psychology and social sanity by hugo m?erberg
fifty soups by thomas j. murrey
bouvard and pecuchet by gustave flaubert
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
a son of the immortals by louis tracy
narrative of the shipwreck of the brig betsey of wiscasset
the story of silk by sara ware bassett
sir walter ralegh by william stebbing
chitra a play in one act by rabindranath tagore
the sleeping car by william d. howells
complete poetical works by bret harte
davy and the goblin by charles e. carryl
war and the weird by forbes phillips and r. thurston hopkins
humour of the north by lawrence j. burpee
color value by c. r. clifford
the eugenic marriage vol. 3 (of 4) by w. grant hague
chanticleer by cornelius mathews
the temptation of st. antony by gustave flaubert
brothers-in-law; and the brass gun of the buccaneers by louis becke
the adventure of elizabeth morey of new york by louis becke
foster's letter of marque by louis becke
in the far north by louis becke
officer and man by louis becke
a study of recent earthquakes by charles davison
the new england magazine volume 1 no. 6 june 1886 bay
mr. opp by alice hegan rice
the romany rye by george borrow
the new england magazine & bay state monthly april 1886
between the lines by boyd cable
twenty years of hus'ling by j. p. johnston
famous sea fights by john richard hale
the tale of billy woodchuck by arthur scott bailey
historical essays by james ford rhodes
the story of commodore john barry by martin griffin
nobody's boy by hector malot
historical tales vol. 2 (of 15) by charles morris
pakia by louis becke
the gallant good riou and jack renton by louis becke
sarreo by louis becke
the south seaman by louis becke
susani by louis becke
the approach to philosophy by ralph barton perry
the life of king edward vii by j. castell hopkins
the new england magazine volume 1 no. 5 bay state
when grandmamma was new by marion harland
the conquest of canada (vol. 1 of 2) by george warburton
from sail to steam recollections of naval life
the tiger hunter by mayne reid
the history of henry esmond esq. by w. m. thackeray
god the known and god the unknown by samuel butler
a popular account of dr. livingstone's expedition to the zambesi
the candidate by joseph alexander altsheler
spiritual torrents by jeanne marie bouvisres de la mot guyon
indian story and song by alice c. fletcher
a voyage with captain dynamite by charles edward rich
the young bank messenger by horatio alger
two on the trail by hulbert footner
at good old siwash by george fitch
the candy country by louisa m. alcott
the uncalled by paul laurence dunbar
moral principles in education by john dewey
mysteries of bee-keeping explained by m. quinby
the border watch by joseph a. altsheler
the flag by homer greene
a tramp's notebook by morley roberts
chambers's edinburgh journal vol. 17 new series index jan-jun 1852
the land of fire by mayne reid
light on the child's path by william allen bixler
provincial words & phrases ... somersetshire by williams & jones
the masters and their music by w. s. b. mathews
three things by elinor glyn
philippian studies by handley c. g. moule
the happiness of heaven by f. j. boudreaux
the man by bram stoker
lizzie leigh by elizabeth gaskell
a dark night's work by elizabeth gaskell
my lady ludlow by elizabeth gaskell
john ingerfield and other stories by jerome k. jerome
history of the english people volume vii (of 8) by john richard green
newfoundland and the jingoes by john fretwell
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of st. paul by arthur dimock
astronomy for amateurs by camille flammarion
child-life in art by estelle m. hurll
elements of plumbing by samuel dibble
the varmint by owen johnson and f. r. gruger
margaret of anjou by jacob abbott
the right of american slavery by true worthy hoit
amateur gardencraft by eben e. rexford
briefless ballads and legal lyrics by james williams
line and form (1900) by walter crane
in nesting time by olive thorne miller
chats on household curios by fred w. burgess
wood magic by richard jefferies
ballads of a cheechako by robert w. service
the adventures of danny meadow mouse by thornton w. burgess
jack by alphonse daudet
the bad boy at home by walter t. gray
the shadow on the dial and other essays by ambrose bierce
memoirs of fanny hill by john cleland
child's story of the bible by mary a. lathbury
frank merriwell's son by burt l. standish
fables in slang by george ade
the international monthly volume 3 no. 1 april 1851 by various
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
an accursed race by elizabeth gaskell
the half-brothers by elizabeth gaskell
round the sofa by elizabeth gaskell
eugene pickering by henry james
amphitryon by molire
the great k. & a. robbery by paul leicester ford
deerfoot in the mountains by edward s. ellis
the idea of god in early religions by f. b. jevons
the works of lord byron volume 2 by george gordon byron
the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne
xerxes by jacob abbott
assimilative memory by marcus dwight larrowe
rollo in geneva by jacob abbott
aunt madge's story by sophie may
boys and girls bookshelf ... character building vol. 1
boy life by william dean howells
ben's nugget by horatio jr. alger
tabitha at ivy hall by ruth alberta brown
the ministry of the spirit by a. j. (adoniram judson) gordon
colleges in america by john marshall barker
the merrie tales of jacques tournebroche by anatole france
child life in town and country by anatole france
addresses on the revised version of holy scripture by c. j. ellicott
the abenaki indians by frederic kidder
half a life-time ago by elizabeth gaskell
the poor clare by elizabeth gaskell
the doom of the griffiths by elizabeth gaskell
the innocents by sinclair lewis
looking backward by edward bellamy
an undivided union by oliver optic and edward stratemeyer
the reckoning by robert w. chambers
fernley house by laura e. richards
peggy by laura e. richards
the rogue elephant by elliott whitney
princess polly at play by amy brooks
little folks' handy book by lina beard and adelia b. beard
the day of judgment by joseph hocking
little bobtail by oliver optic
faustus by friedrich maximilian von klinger
mud and khaki by vernon bartlett
frontier boys on the coast by capt. wyn roosevelt
the job by sinclair lewis
the curlytops on star island by howard r. garis
little grandfather by sophie may
captain horace by sophie may
peck's bad boy and his pa by george w. peck
a cathedral courtship by kate douglas wiggin
the young alaskans by emerson hough
a london life; the patagonia; the liar; mrs. temperly by henry james
hero-myths & legends of the british race by maud isabel ebbutt
the merryweathers by laura e. richards
the adventures of bobby orde by stewart edward white
little grandmother by sophie may
the strand district by sir walter besant and geraldine edith mitton
the world's greatest books - volume 15 - science by various
the fables of ph?us by phaedrus
jeanne d'arc by mrs. margaret oliphant
history of the english people index by john richard green
history of the english people vol. viii (of 8) by john richard green
four american indians by edson l. whitney and frances m. perry
the pioneer steamship savannah: a study for a scale model by chapelle
songs of a sourdough by robert w. service
a chosen few by frank r. stockton
six girls by fannie belle irving
heroes of the middle west by mary hartwell catherwood
william adolphus turnpike by william banks
the water-babies by charles kingsley and warwick goble
representative plays by american dramatists by langdon mitchell
domesticated animals by nathaniel southgate shaler
the manxman by hall caine
the little manx nation by hall caine
all adrift by oliver optic
the sunbridge girls at six star ranch by eleanor hodgman porter
ralph the heir by anthony trollope
rinkitink in oz by l. frank baum
shakespeare ben jonson beaumont & fletcher by s. t. coleridge
a queen's error by henry curties
fasting girls by william alexander hammond
minutiae of soldier life by carlton mccarthy
a manual of the malay language by william edward maxwell
a child's garden of verses by robert louis stevenson
a child's garden of verses by robert louis stevenson
a child's garden of verses by robert louis stevenson
beatrice d'este duchess of milan 1475-1497 by julia mary cartwright
asiatic breezes by oliver optic
historic tales vol. 8 (of 15) by charles morris
the story of the glittering plain by william morris
how to fail in literature by andrew lang
dorothy's travels by evelyn raymond
a history of art for beginners and students by clara erskine clement
graded memory selections by various
historic tales vol 10 (of 15) by charles morris
'he giveth his beloved sleep' by elizabeth barrett browning
child's health primer for primary classes by jane andrews
the peterkin papers by lucretia p. hale
all about the little small red hen by anonymous
with spurs of gold by frances nimmo greene and dolly williams kirk
a week of instruction and amusement by mrs. harley
games for the playground home school and gymnasium
duffels by edward eggleston
the earliest arthmetics in english by anonymous
in the boyhood of lincoln by hezekiah butterworth
historic tales volume 11 (of 15) by charles morris
history of minnesota and tales of the frontier by charles e. flandrau
on the old road vol. 1 (of 2) by john ruskin
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of gloucester [2nd ed.]
the escape of a princess pat by george pearson
punch vol. 98 january 4 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
the transformation of job by frederick vining fisher
the secret witness by george gibbs
the diamond coterie by lawrence l. lynch
think before you speak by catherine dorset
the battle of new orleans by zachary f. smith
the greville memoirs vol. 1 by charles c. f. greville
royal edinburgh by margaret oliphant
the hero of ticonderoga by john de morgan
last words by juliana horatia ewing
the great events by famous historians volume 03 by various
the watchers of the trail by charles g. d. roberts
a lecture on the study of history by lord acton
voyage of the oregon from san francisco to santiago in 1898
the other side of the door by lucia chamberlain
vagabondia by frances hodgson burnett
desert conquest by a. m. chisholm
the caged lion by charlotte m. yonge
confessions of an inquiring spirit by samuel taylor coleridge
tam o'shanter by robert burns
a tall ship by sir lewis anselm da costa ritchie [a.k.a.: bartimeus]
the best of the world's classics restricted to prose by various
the range boss by charles alden seltzer
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors & architects v2 by vasari
st. bernard of clairvaux's life of st. malachy of armagh by h.j. lawlor
'murphy' by major gambier-parry
reminiscences of two years in the united states navy by john m. batten
a dixie school girl by gabrielle e. jackson
the immortal by alphonse daudet
a nobleman's nest by ivan turgenieff
little lost sister by virginia brooks
the ghost breaker by charles goddard and paul dickey
the proud prince by justin huntly mccarthy
on the edge of the arctic by ashton lamar
emily bront?by agnes mary frances robinson
the sympathy of religions by thomas wentworth higginson
indian legends of minnesota by various
boy scouts in the north sea by g. harvey ralphson
the girl and the bill by bannister merwin
the children's book of london by geraldine edith mitton
in ancient albemarle by albertson catherine
history of friedrich ii of prussia by thomas carlyle
the mascot of sweet briar gulch by henry wallace phillips
in connection with the de willoughby claim by frances hodgson burnett
the automobile girls in the berkshires by laura dent crane
new voyage round the world vol. 2 by otto von kotzebue
the silver butterfly by mrs. wilson woodrow
the great events by famous historians volume 11 by various
illustrated science for boys and girls by anonymous
the story of leather by sara ware bassett
the tale of rusty wren by arthur scott bailey
at plattsburg by allen french
the gospel of the hereafter by j. paterson-smyth
the dark tower by phyllis bottome
the great controversy between christ and satan by ellen g. white
young hilda at the wars by arthur gleason
the madness of may by meredith nicholson
fair margaret by francis marion crawford
royal palaces and parks of france by milburg francisco mansfield
patty's friends by carolyn wells
william the conqueror by jacob abbott
the launch boys' adventures in northern waters by edward s. ellis
the letters of charles dickens by charles dickens
the letters of charles dickens by charles dickens
patty's social season by carolyn wells
the telegraph messenger boy by edward s. ellis
philosophy of osteopathy by andrew t. still
patty's summer days by carolyn wells
the young railroaders by francis lovell coombs
patty's success by carolyn wells
the motor girls on crystal bay by margaret penrose
the little gingerbread man by g. h. p
commentary upon the maya-tzental perez codex by william e. gates
denslow's humpty dumpty by william wallace denslow
found in the philippines by charles king
washington and the american republic vol. 3 by benson j. lossing
beatrice leigh at college by julia augusta schwartz
a walk through leicester by susanna watts
tommy trots visit to santa claus by thomas nelson page
the prodigal father by j. storer clouston
the new testament by various
miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay by macaulay
john the baptist by f. b. meyer
indian child life by charles a. eastman
washington irving by henry w. boynton
the long portage by harold bindloss
sea power in its relations to the war of 1812 by alfred thayer mahan
the khaki kook book by mary kennedy core
prescott of saskatchewan by harold bindloss
the mission of janice day by helen beecher long
the long trick by lewis anselm da costa ritchie
masters of the wheat-lands by harold bindloss
brandon of the engineers by harold bindloss
the christmas story from david harum by edward noyes westcott
the philippine islands 1493-1898 (vol 28 of 55) by various
science and the infinite by sydney t. klein
short history of the london rifle brigade by unknown
nancy mcveigh of the monk road by r. henry mainer
bibliography of the writings ... george henry borrow by thomas j. wise
autobiography of frank g. allen minister of the gospel
the translations of beowulf by chauncey brewster tinker
essentials of diseases of the skin by henry weightman stelwagon
the devil by joseph o'brien
fifty-two stories for girls by various
the complete bachelor by walter germain
the opened shutters by clara louise burnham
the bronze eagle by emmuska orczy baroness orczy
the contemporary review january 1883 vol. 43 no. 1 by various
bib ballads by ring w. lardner
camp-fire and wigwam by edward sylvester ellis
newspaper reporting and correspondence by grant milnor hyde
the creators by may sinclair
birds of the rockies by leander sylvester keyser
god's plan with men by t. t. (thomas theodore) martin
the deluge in the light of modern science by william denton
my recollections of lord byron by teresa guiccioli
flip's islands of providence by annie fellows johnston
footprints in the forest by edward sylvester ellis
the big drum a comedy in four acts by arthur pinero
bardell v. pickwick by percy fitzgerald
a beautiful alien by julia magruder
the riflemen of the ohio by joseph a. altsheler
the sailor's word-book by william henry smyth
the bertrams by anthony trollope
linda tressel by anthony trollope
'jesus himself' by andrew murray
the philippine islands 1493-1898 (vol 27 of 55) by various
armour's monthly cook book volume 2 no. 12 october 1913 by various
adventures of a young naturalist by lucien biart
punch vol. 147 august 5th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
europa's fairy book by joseph jacobs
apis mellifica by c. w. wolf
the surrender of santiago by frank norris
puck of pook's hill by rudyard kipling
war and peace by by leo tolstoy
questionable amusements and worthy substitutes by j. m. judy
the pigeon pie by charlotte m. yonge
the automobilist abroad by m. f. (milburg francisco) mansfield
the sylvan cabin by edward smyth jones
introduction to the history of western europeby james harvery robinson
the light of scarthey by egerton castle
bird stories from burroughs by john burroughs
some reminiscences of old victoria by edgar fawcett
a description of millenium hall by sarah scott
james b. eads by louis how
a color notation by albert h. munsell
marjorie by justin huntly mccarthy
starvation treatment of diabetes by lewis webb hill and rena s. eckman
the ascent of denali (mount mckinley) by hudson stuck
a coin of edward vii by fergus hume
problems of expansion by whitelaw reid
hugh bishop of lincoln by charles l. marson
the life of thomas lord cochrane tenth earl of dundonald vol. ii
robert toombs by pleasant a. stovall
religion and lust by james weir
scotch loch-fishing by black palmer (william senior)
the metamorphoses of ovid by publius ovidius naso
great testimony by stephen coleridge
the erie train boy by horatio alger
skinner's dress suit by henry irving dodge
fighting the traffic in young girls by various
wilmot and tilley by james hannay
paul the courageous by mabel quiller-couch
revolutionist's handbook and pocket companion by george bernard shaw
in a new world by horatio alger
a tar-heel baron by mabell shippie clarke pelton
handbook of wool knitting and crochet by anonymous
a small boy and others by henry james
the art of angling by thomas barker
punch volume 147 august 12 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
chats on old lace and needlework by emily leigh lowes
five little peppers at school by margaret sidney
the writer volume vi april 1892 by various
john hus by william dallmann
notre-dame de paris by victor hugo
discourses on satire and on epic poetry by john dryden
the memoirs of general w. t. sherman vol. 1 by william t. sherman
a house-boat on the styx by john kendrick bangs
james watt by andrew carnegie
trial of duncan terig alias clerk and alexander bane macdonald
love at paddington by w. pett ridge
the worship of the church by jacob a. regester
starlight ranch by charles king
ontario teachers' manuals: nature study
the unicorn from the stars and other plays
the tell el amarna period by carl niebuhr
charles frohman: manager and man by marcosson and frohman
left guard gilbert by ralph henry barbour
the proverbs of scotland by alexander hislop
the tapestry book by helen churchill candee
two wonderful detectives by harlan page halsey
seed dispersal by william j. beal
dave porter and his rivals by edward stratemeyer
creative evolution by henri bergson
the book of stories for the storyteller by fanny e. coe
the rover boys on the plains by arthur winfield
laurence sterne in germany by harvey waterman thayer
lippincott's magazine november 1885 by various
when the birds begin to sing by winifred graham
a spoil of office by hamlin garland
the rover boys in southern waters by arthur m. winfield
the nursery rhyme book by unknown
in our town by william allen white
three little cousins by amy e. blanchard
the golden age cook book by henrietta latham dwight
the little colonel's christmas vacation by annie fellows johnston
the son of monte christo by jules lermina
the indifference of juliet by grace s. richmond
far past the frontier by james a. braden
the mistress of shenstone by florence l. barclay
vixen volume i by m. e. braddon
vixen volume ii by m. e. braddon
vixen volume iii by m. e. braddon
the forester's daughter by hamlin garland
the clansman by thomas dixon
antony gray--gardener by leslie moore
the bill-toppers by andre castaigne
cavanaugh: forest ranger by hamlin garland
the heart of the rose by mabel a. mckee
sonny boy by sophie swett
a little maid of province town by alice turner curtis
the boy scouts on the yukon by ralph victor
elizabeth hobart at exeter hall by jean k. baird
her mother's secret by emma d. e. n. southworth
margarita's soul by ingraham lovell
on singing and music by society of friends
the renewal of life; how and when to tell the story
the witch of salem by john r. musick
introduction to robert browning by hiram corson
a dome of many-coloured glass by amy lowell
the collected poems of rupert brooke by rupert brooke
trees and other poems by joyce kilmer
main street and other poems by alfred joyce kilmer
the wizard's daughter and other stories by margaret collier graham
hints on extemporaneous preaching by henry ware
the high calling by charles m. sheldon
choice cookery by catherine owen
the lost art of reading by gerald stanley lee
virginia by ellen glasgow
the horsewoman by alice m. hayes
a text-book of the history of architecture by alfred d. f. hamlin
the merry-go-round by carl van vechten
the suffrage cook book by l. o. kleber
casa braccio volumes 1 and 2 (of 2) by f. marion crawford
the inquisition by e. vacandard
villa rubein et al by john galsworthy
frenzied finance vol. 1 by thomas w. lawson
a child's primer of natural history by oliver herford
maurine and other poems by ella wheeler wilcox
the map of life by william edward hartpole lecky
the great events by famous historians volume 9 by various
cupology by clara
chronicles of strathearn by various
letters of a dakota divorcee by jane burr
our bird comrades by leander s. keyser
lisbeth longfrock by hans aanrud
a brother to dragons and other old-time tales by amelie rives
reincarnation and the law of karma by william walker atkinson
intestinal ills by alcinous burton jamison
the electric bath by george m. schweig
the ladies book of useful information by anonymous
complete story of the san francisco horror by
anna seward and classic lichfield by stapleton martin
punch or the london charivari volume 104 january 7 1893 by various
dorothy on a ranch by evelyn raymond
the two great retreats of history by george grote
the unknown wrestler by h. a. (hiram alfred) cody
the medicinal plants of the philippines by t. h. pardo de tavera
miracles and supernatural religion by james morris whiton
the children of wilton chase by mrs. l. t. meade
peak's island by ford paul
life and sport in china by oliver g. ready
fil and filippa by john stuart thomson
a sheaf of corn by mary e. mann
the life of gordon volume i by demetrius charles boulger
the convert by elizabeth robins
great men and famous women vol. 1 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 2 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 3 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 4 of 8 by various
microcosmography by john earle
nagualism by daniel g. brinton
nights with uncle remus by joel chandler harris
the history of john bull by john arbuthnot
john leech's pictures of life and character
life and letters of lord macaulay vol. 1 by george otto trevelyan
george cruikshank by william makepeace thackeray
essay on the creative imagination by th. ribot
children of our town by carolyn wells
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 number 385
the boys of crawford's basin by sidford f. hamp
the rubaiyat of a huffy husband by mary b. little
the quarterly review volume 162 no. 324 april 1886 by various
fire prevention and fire extinction by james braidwood
true to his home by hezekiah butterworth
songs from the southland by various
the dragon of wantley by owen wister
a stable for nightmares or weird tales
punch volume 104 may 6 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
some naval yarns by mordaunt hall
madeline payne the detective's daughter by lawrence l. lynch
the making of bobby burnit by george randolph chester
little lucy's wonderful globe by charlotte m. yonge
studies of american fungi mushrooms by george francis atkinson
vera by oscar wilde
peter cooper by rossiter w. raymond
speeches of his majesty kamehameha iv. to the hawaiian
the old hanging fork and other poems by george w. doneghy
journal of the third voyage for the discovery of a
the iron pirate by max pemberton
the log of the sun by william beebe
journal of an american prisoner at fort malden and
to love by margaret peterson
george muller of bristol by arthur t. pierson
jessica letters: an editor's romance by paul elmer more
stingaree by e. w. (ernest william) hornung
judith of the cumberlands by alice macgowan
odd numbers by sewell ford
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 2 1843-1858
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 5 1858-1862
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 6 1862-1863
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 7 1863-1865
the girl from sunset ranch by amy bell marlowe
the standard electrical dictionary by t. o'conor slone
boy scouts in the canal zone by g. harvey ralphson
clematis by bertha b. cobb and ernest cobb
the dance festivals of the alaskan eskimo by ernest william hawkes
caps and capers by gabrielle e. jackson
children of the desert by louis dodge
government documents in small libraries by charles wells reeder
myths and marvels of astronomy by richard a. proctor
jim spurling fisherman by albert walter tolman
the sheep eaters by william alonzo allen
the place of honeymoons by harold macgrath
the condition and tendencies of technical education in
how to behave: a pocket manual by samuel r wells
seasoning of wood by joseph b. wagner
a black adonis by linn boyd porter
pearls of thought by maturin m. ballou
the trail of the hawk by sinclair lewis
a pirate of parts by richard neville
ruth fielding at college by alice b. emerson
black beaver the trapper by james campbell lewis
the brass bell by eugene sue
the road to oz by l. frank baum
the boy scout automobilists by robert maitland
our little brown house a poem of west point by maria l. stewart
the island house by f. m. holmes
werwolves by elliott o'donnell
early australian voyages by john pinkerton abel tasman
zanoni by edward bulwer lytton
the life and adventures of baron trenck vol. 1
the life and adventures of baron trenck vol. 2
the rose garden husband by margaret widdemer
a brief commentary on the apocalypse 2nd edn. by sylvester bliss
the humbugs of the world by p. t. barnum
wilmshurst of the frontier force by percy f. westerman
the work of christ by a. c. gaebelein
friendship village by zona gale
the book of romance by various
standards of life and service by t. h. howard
birds illustrated by color photography [august 1897] by various
the motor pirate by george sidney paternoster
the will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy
plays complete edition including the posthumous
making a fireplace by henry h. saylor
bookbinding and the care of books by douglas cockerell
at the sign of the jack o'lantern by myrtle reed
a village of vagabonds by f. berkeley smith
the girl wanted by nixon waterman
black spirits and white by ralph adams cram
history manners and customs of the north american indians
the pirates of panama by john exquemeling
sanctification by j. w. byers
a daughter of raasay by william macleod raine
make or break by oliver optic
studies in love and in terror by marie belloc lowndes
a woman at bay by nicholas carter
the caravan route between egypt and syria by ludwig salvator
manual of military training by james a. moss
punch vol. 104 may 13 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
lord teach us to pray by andrew murray
victorian songs by various
health on the farm by h. f. harris
an anarchist woman by hutchins hapgood
a little maid of ticonderoga by alice turner curtis
two little confederates by thomas nelson page
pascal by john tulloch
turandot princess of china by karl gustav vollmoller
charles i by jacob abbott
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
one thousand secrets of wise and rich men revealed by c. a. bogardus
cornwall's wonderland by mabel quiller-couch
ringfield by susie frances harrison
punch vol. 104 may 20 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
notes and queries index of vol. 3 jan-jun 1851 by various
alcohol: a dangerous and unnecessary medicine how and why
lewis and clark by william r. lighton
the ocean wireless boys and the wireless code by captain wilbur lawton
the story of the kearsarge and alabama by a. k. browne
alf the freebooter translated by george borrow
brown william translated by george borrow
emelian the fool translated by george borrow
the brother avenged translated by george borrow
ermeline translated by george borrow
grimmer and kamper translated by george borrow
the expedition to birting's land translated by george borrow
no sect in heaven by anonymous
village improvements and farm villages by george e. waring
king diderik translated by george borrow
king hacon's death translated by george borrow
little engel translated by george borrow
the old helmet volume i by susan warner
the old helmet volume ii by susan warner
marsk stig translated by george borrow
marsk stig's daughters translated by george borrow
niels ebbesen and germand gladenswayne translated by george borrow
the nightingale the valkyrie and raven translated by george borrow
where the souls of men are calling by credo harris and john r. neill
cases of organic diseases of the heart by john collins warren
tin foil and its combinations for filling teeth by henry l. ambler
the sense of beauty by george santayana
a pessimist by robert timsol
crossing the plains days of '57 by william audley maxwell
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
poems for pale people by edwin c. ranck
the corsair king by mor jokai
the tale of lal by raymond paton
rock of ages by a. m. toplady
the boy scout fire fighters by robert maitland
the gospel of luke by charles r. erdman
the backwash of war by ellen n. la motte
the pools of silence by h. de vere stacpoole
chasing an iron horse by edward robins
the new avatar and the destiny of the soul by jirah d. buck
the associate hermits by frank r. stockton
a history of the nineteenth century year by year by edwin emerson
the rover boys in alaska by arthur m. winfield
northern lights by gilbert parker
historical introductions to the symbolical books
stories of authors british and american by edwin watts chubb
crooked trails and straight by william macleod raine
spectra by arthur ficke and witter bynner
the new education by scott nearing
visions and revisions by john cowper powys
shawn of skarrow by james tandy ellis
esoteric christianity or the lesser mysteries by annie besant
richard i by jacob abbott
'firebrand' trevison by charles alden seltzer
captain richard ingle by edward ingle
famous privateersmen and adventurers of the sea
heroes and hunters of the west by anonymous
punch vol. 147 august 19th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
hester's counterpart by jean k. baird
prisoners their own warders by j. f. a. mcnair and w. d. bayliss
chapters in rural progress by kenyon l. butterfield
salem witchcraft and cotton mather by charles w. upham
with haig on the somme by d. h. parry
killykinick by mary t. waggaman
the ghost girl by h. de vere stacpoole
the brown mouse by herbert quick
the wind before the dawn by dell h. munger
the copper princess by kirk munroe
when life was young by c. a. stephens
montezuma's castle and other weird tales by charles b. cory
peter pan in kensington gardens by j. m. barrie
what the moon saw: and other tales by hans christian andersen
narrative of richard lee mason in the pioneer west 1819
notes and queries number 212 november 19 1853 by various
notes and queries number 214 december 3 1853 by various
an explorer's adventures in tibet by a. henry savage landor
the path of dreams by leigh gordon giltner
old familiar faces by theodore watts-dunton
a chronicle of london from 1089 to 1483 by anonymous
the bravo of venice by heinrich zschokke
the history of herodotus vol. 1 of 2 by herodotus
the trail to yesterday by charles alden seltzer
punch vol. 147 september 2nd 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
louis xiv. makers of history series by john s. c. abbott
the rider of waroona by firth scott
a manual: or an easy method of managing bees by john m. weeks
making a lawn by luke joseph doogue
the fixed period by anthony trollope
sonnets from the crimea by adam mickiewicz
the third miss symons by flora macdonald mayor
dangers of the trail in 1865 by charles e. young
g. k. chesterton a critical study by julius west
the dodge club by james de mille
life of rear admiral john randolph tucker by james henry rochelle
the little russian servant by henri greville
first history of new brunswick by peter fisher
the cattle-baron's daughter by harold bindloss
'all's well!' by john oxenham
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 26 by various
the no breakfast plan and the fasting-cure by edward hooker dewey
lyrics from the song-books of the elizabethan age by various
the real thing and other tales by henry james
sir dominick ferrand by henry james
nona vincent by henry james
the chaperon by henry james
greville fane by henry james
a pindarick ode on painting by thomas morrison
a visit to java by w. basil worsfold
fibble d. d. by irvin shrewsbury cobb
records of woodhall spa and neighbourhood by j. conway walter
a little country girl by susan coolidge
suspended judgments by john cowper powys
seven and nine years among the camanches and apaches by edwin eastman
the faith doctor by edward eggleston
an account of the expedition to carthagena by sir charles knowles
the lost ten tribes and 1882 by joseph wild
prof. koch's method to cure tuberculosis popularly treated
the gate of appreciation by carleton noyes
a warwickshire lad by george madden martin
the wonder by j. d. beresford
the enjoyment of art by carleton noyes
modern spiritualism by uriah smith
the explorer by w. somerset maugham
japanese prints by john gould fletcher
woman on her own false gods & the red robe by eug? brieux
eyebright by susan coolidge
the writing of the short story by lewis worthington smith
a woman's will by anne warner
the white mice by richard harding davis
the critic in the orient by george hamlin fitch
the voyage alone in the yawl rob roy by john macgregor
little downy by catharine parr traill
pyrrhus by jacob abbott
operations upon the sea by franz edelsheim
food for the traveler by dora cathrine cristine liebel roper
some say by laura elizabeth howe richards
the discovery of america vol. 1 (of 2) by john fiske
electricity for the farm by frederick irving anderson
a soldier in the philippines by needom n. freeman
east of suez by frederic courtland penfield
dolly reforming herself by henry arthur jones
the angel of thought and other poems by ethel allen murphy
little brothers of the air by olive thorne miller
southern literature from 1579-1895 by louise manly
the talking horse by f. anstey
the foot-path way by bradford torrey
golden days for boys and girls vol. 8 no. 25 may 21 1887
the life of trust: being a narrative of the lord's
the life of napoleon bonaparte vol. iii by william milligan sloane
sketch of the life & services of otho holland williams
black beauty by anna sewell
the rural life problem of the united states by horace curzon plunkett
the last american by j. a. mitchell
nero by jacob abbott
the cheerful smugglers by ellis parker butler
st. john's college cambridge by robert forsyth scott
an appeal to the british nation on the humanity and policy of
bird of paradise by ada leverson
more letters of charles darwin vol 1 of 2
pan and aeolus: poems by charles hamilton musgrove
from the car behind by eleanor m. ingram
baseball joe around the world by lester chadwick
outdoor sketching by francis hopkinson smith
athalie by robert w. chambers
personal friendships of jesus by j. r. miller
shapes that haunt the dusk by various
burl by morrison heady
tales of space and time by herbert george wells
the cult of incompetence by emile faguet
poems by mary baker eddy
a young man in a hurry by robert w. chambers
a little maid of massachusetts colony by alice turner curtis
the sequel by george a. taylor
the regent's daughter by alexandre dumas (pere)
the conspirators by alexandre dumas (pere)
a new guide for emigrants to the west by j. m. peck
the slave of silence by fred m. white
proud signild translated by george borrow
the martian by george du maurier
poems & ballads (second series) by algernon charles swinburne
ulf van yern translated by george borrow
axel thordson and fair valborg translated by george borrow
the return of the dead translated by george borrow
mollie charane translated by george borrow
the king's wake translated by george borrow
the house with the mezzanine and other stories by anton tchekoff
elkan lubliner american by montague glass
more letters of charles darwin vol. 2 of 2
the borgias by alexandre dumas pere
the cenci by alexandre dumas pere
massacres of the south by alexandre dumas pere
mary stuart by alexandre dumas pere
karl-ludwig sand by alexandre dumas pere
urbain grandier by alexandre dumas pere
nisida by alexandre dumas pere
derues by alexandre dumas pere
la constantin by alexandre dumas pere
the critical period of american history by john fiske
doctor jones' picnic by s. e. chapman
the faith of our fathers by james cardinal gibbons
brand blotters by william macleod raine
'me-smith' by caroline lockhart
the children's garland from the best poets by various
the indian today by charles a. eastman
a history of english literature by george saintsbury
a tour of the missions by augustus hopkins strong
in her own right by john reed scott
prometheus bound and seven against thebes by aeschylus
the wonders of the jungle book two by prince sarath ghosh
birds in the calendar by frederick g. aflalo
stories to read or tell from fairy tales and folklore
the story of a cat by emile gigault de la bedolliere
hafbur and signe translated by george borrow
queen berngerd the bard and the dreams translated by george borrow
that girl montana by marah ellis ryan
the sign of the spider by bertram mitford
encyclopaedia britannica 11th ed. vol. 3 pt. 1 slice 2 by various
a wayfarer in china by elizabeth kendall
journal of a visit to constantinople and some of the greek
the critics versus shakspere by francis a. smith
lectures on the french revolution by john emerich edward dalberg-acton
punch vol. 104 may 27 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
the patriotic poems of walt whitman by walt whitman
the new theology by r. j. campbell
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi no. 3 july 1908 by various
lorimer of the northwest by harold bindloss
winning the wilderness by margaret hill mccarter
the giant's robe by f. anstey
select masterpieces of biblical literature by various
the free range by elwell lawrence
the toilers of the field by richard jefferies
the watchers of the plains by ridgewell cullum
virginia of elk creek valley by mary ellen chase
the peace negotiations by j. d. kestell and d. e. van velden
joan of naples by alexandre dumas pere
the man in an iron mask (an essay) by alexandre dumas pere
martin guerre by alexandre dumas pere
ali pacha by alexandre dumas pere
the countess of saint-geran by alexandre dumas pere
murat by alexandre dumas pere
the marquise de brinvilliers by alexandre dumas pere
vaninka by alexandre dumas pere
the marquise de ganges by alexandre dumas pere
the tailor and the crow by l. leslie brooke
cobwebs from a library corner by john kendrick bangs
sentimental education volume ii by gustave flaubert
british borneo by w. h. treacher
art of promoting the growth of the cucumber & melon by thomas watkins
the seven secrets by william le queux
the mother by norman duncan
hannibal by jacob abbott
representative plays by american dramatists: 1856-1911
learning to fly by claude grahame-white and harry harper
the boy chums in the forest by wilmer m. ely
the great events by famous historians volume 07 by various
heart's-ease by phillips brooks
aunt jo's scrap-bag vi by louisa m. alcott
madame bovary by gustave flaubert
the works of lord byron vol. 7 by george gordon byron
stephen arnold douglas by william garrott brown
raleigh by edmund gosse
baseball joe in the big league by lester chadwick
hilaire belloc by c. creighton mandell and edward shanks
the mentor: the war of 1812 by albert bushnell hart
a victor of salamis by william stearns davis
coronation anecdotes by giles gossip
the birthright by joseph hocking
an eagle flight by jose rizal
zoonomia vol. ii by erasmus darwin
christmas eve at swamp's end by norman duncan
reels and spindles by evelyn raymond
celebrated crimes complete by alexandre dumas pere
paris sketch book of mr. m. a. titmarsh by william makepeace thackeray
lucille triumphant by elizabeth m. duffield
the orchestral conductor by hector berlioz
the doers by william john hopkins
a book without a title by george jean nathan
master of the vineyard by myrtle reed
seek and find by oliver optic
the johnstown horror by james herbert walker
the treason and death of benedict arnold by john jay chapman
oedipus king of thebes by sophocles
the boy volunteers with the submarine fleet by kenneth ward
nine little goslings by susan coolidge
uncle sam's boys as sergeants by h. irving hancock
uncle sam's boys in the ranks by h. irving hancock
the panchronicon by harold steele mackaye
the world i live in by helen keller
steam turbines by hubert e. collins
romulus makers of history by jacob abbott
the mouse and the moonbeam by eugene field
mcclure's magazine vol 31 no 2 june 1908 by various
the rose-jar by thomas samuel jones
mr. stubbs's brother by james otis
memoirs of the court & cabinets of george the third vol. 2
five o'clock tea by w. d. howells
lives of the engineers by samuel smiles
germinie lacerteux by edmond and jules de goncourt
sir harry hotspur of humblethwaite by anthony trollope
the elements of bacteriological technique by john william henry eyre
the works of theophile gautier volume 5 by theophile gautier
tolstoy on shakespeare by leo tolstoy
within the golden gate by laura young pinney
in court and kampong by hugh clifford
the doomsman by van tassel sutphen
the new world by witter bynner
city crimes by greenhorn
le petit chose (part 1) by alphonse daudet
poetical works of matthew arnold by matthew arnold
a letter to the right honorable the lord chancellor on
colonel carter's christmas and the romance of an
popular education by ira mayhew
through finland in carts by ethel brilliana alec-tweedie
the true story of the american flag by john h. fow
personal recollections from early life to old age of
popular lectures on zoonomia by thomas garnett
admiral farragut by a. t. mahan
the hilltop boys by cyril burleigh
aphrodisiacs and anti-aphrodisiacs by john davenport
journal of a young man of massachusetts 2nd ed.
dramatic reader for lower grades by florence holbrook
the battaile of agincourt by michael drayton
lafayette by martha foote crow
outlines of dairy bacteriology 8th edition by h. l. russell
solomon crow's christmas pockets & other tales by ruth mcenery stuart
revised edition of poems by william wright
tales of the malayan coast by rounsevelle wildman
the rough road by william john locke
a royal prisoner by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
child and country by will levington comfort
fantmas by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
holland v. 1 (of 2) by edmondo de amicis
darius the great by jacob abbott
the boarding school by unknown
the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame
merry-garden and other stories by sir arthur thomas quiller-couch
feuerbach: the roots of the socialist philosophy by frederick engels
a history of mediaeval jewish philosophy by isaac husik
the olive fairy book by various
introduction to the history of religions by crawford howell toy
conversation by mary greer conklin
th' history o' haworth railway by bill o'th' hoylus end
the young alaskans in the rockies by emerson hough
how the flag became old glory by emma look scott
the dominant dollar by will lillibridge
the message by alec john dawson
the cauliflower by a. a. crozier
george borrow in east anglia by william a. dutt
great britain at war by jeffery farnol
a theodicy by albert taylor bledsoe
the seven seas by rudyard kipling
foot-prints of travel by maturin m. ballou
evening dress by w. d. howells
in ch?au land by anne hollingsworth wharton
kosciuszko by monica mary gardner
wild animals at home by ernest thompson seton
making people happy by thompson buchanan
familiar quotations by john bartlett
jewish literature and other essays by gustav karpeles
bird-lover in the west by olive thorne miller and harriet mann miller
the magic world by edith nesbit
gloucester moors and other poems by william vaughn moody
gabriel and the hour book by evaleen stein
the strange adventures of mr. middleton by wardon allan curtis
ben comee by michael joseph canavan
betty leicester by sarah orne jewett
mugby junction by charles dickens
the art of disappearing by john talbot smith
in eastern seas by j. j. smith
the lady of loyalty house by justin huntly mccarthy
essays and tales by joseph addison
my ten years imprisonment by silvio pellico
eben holden a tale of the north country by irving bacheller
forest neighbors by william davenport hulbert
it and other stories by gouverneur morris
under fire by frank andrew munsey
a system of logic ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
policeman bluejay by l. frank baum
the enchanted castle by hartwell james
the new nation by frederic l. paxson
handbook of the new york public library by new york public library
history of education by levi seeley
the dop doctor by clotilde inez mary graves
the county regiment by dudley landon vaill
delineations of the ox tribe by george vasey
a dictionary of austral english by edward morris
commentary on genesis vol. ii by martin luther
ralph gurney's oil speculation by james otis
marjorie dean by pauline lester
judith lynn by annie hamilton donnell
museum of antiquity by l. w. yaggy and t. l. haines
theo by mrs. frances hodgson burnett
the blue bird for children by georgette leblanc
the history of london by walter besant
the new tenant by e. phillips oppenheim
supplement to punch or the london charivari
under the southern cross by elizabeth robins
tomato culture: a practical treatise on the tomato
otherwise phyllis by meredith nicholson
birds in the bush by bradford torrey
history of woman suffrage volume i (of 3) by gage
great pianists on piano playing by james francis cooke
sprays of shamrock by clinton scollard
the wild huntress by mayne reid
scenes in the hawaiian islands and california by mary evarts anderson
public school education by michael m?r
in doublet and hose by lucy foster madison
history of woman suffrage volume ii (of 3)
selections from the poems and plays of robert browning
critical and historical essays volume iii (of 3) by macaulay
women as sex vendors by r. b. tobias and mary e. marcy
highways and byways in surrey by eric parker
a text-book of precious stones for jewelers and
a lost hero by elizabeth stuart phelps ward and herbert d. ward
the pecan and its culture by h. harold hume
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the spirit of american government by j. allen smith
alice in blunderland by john kendrick bangs
a man of two countries by alice harriman
the buccaneer by mrs. s. c. hall
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
friends in feathers and fur and other neighbors by james johonnot
the honest american voter's little catechism for 1880
tuskegee & its people: their ideals and achievements by various
the double four by edward phillips oppenheim
the confessions of ars? lupin by maurice leblanc
mediaeval tales by various
the lilac fairy book by andrew lang
english: composition and literature by william franklin webster
holiday tales by w. h. h. murray
wigwam evenings by charles alexander eastman
the van dwellers by albert bigelow paine
the transfiguration of miss philura by florence morse kingsley
a learned dissertation on dumpling (1726) by anonymous
the complete golfer by harry vardon
the pennyles pilgrimage by john taylor
how to make rugs by candace wheeler
jimsy by leona dalrymple
alonzo and melissa by daniel jackson jr. and isaac mitchell
the great sioux trail by joseph a. altsheler
the red watch by j. a. currie
india its life and thought by john p. jones
the scarlet feather by houghton townley
dear santa claus by various
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
attack by edward g. d. liveing
letters on the cholera morbus by james gillkrest and william fergusson
her ladyship's elephant by david dwight wells
sword and pen by john algernon owens
a student's history of england v. 1 (of 3) by samuel rawson gardiner
history of the war in south africa 1899-1902 v. 1-4
the master mummer by e. phillips oppenheim
the invader by margaret l. woods
the big bow mystery by i. zangwill
adventures of a squirrel supposed to be related by himself
a modern mercenary by kate prichard
they shall not pass by frank h. simonds
a solemn caution against the ten horns of calvinism by thomas taylor
insects and diseases by rennie w. doane
the inglises by margaret murray robertson
shadow and light by mifflin wistar gibbs
the rubaiyat of omar cayenne by gelett burgess
harper's young people november 4 1879 by various
harper's young people november 11 1879 by various
a chapter of adventures by g. a. henty
mr. turtle's flying adventure by albert bigelow paine
mr. rabbit's wedding by albert bigelow paine
harper's young people november 18 1879 by various
the trial of reuben crandall m.d. charged with publishing
a budget of christmas tales by charles dickens and others
louis philippe by john stevens cabot abbott
how mr. rabbit lost his tail by albert bigelow paine
famous women: george sand by bertha thomas
harper's young people november 25 1879 by various
respiration calorimeters for studying the respiratory exchange
dorothy's triumph by evelyn raymond
due west by maturin murray ballou
quaker hill by warren h. wilson
the book-collector by william carew hazlitt
the battle with the slum by jacob a. riis
london in 1731 by don manoel gonzales
fanny and the servant problem by jerome k. jerome
'lizbeth of the dale by marian keith
in orchard glen by marian keith
a romantic young lady by robert grant
the story of kentucky by r. s. eubank
pan tadeusz by adam mickiewicz
an appeal in favor of that class of americans
the gay rebellion by robert w. chambers
prisoners of poverty abroad by helen campbell
harper's young people december 2 1879 by various
a popular history of astronomy during the nineteenth century
harper's young people december 9 1879 by various
shelters shacks and shanties by d.c. beard
thoughts on a revelation by samuel john jerram
the story of the great war volume i (of 8) by various
harper's young people december 16 1879 by various
avat?s by annie besant
cleek the master detective by thomas w. hanshew
harper's young people december 23 1879 by various
the duke's motto by justin huntly mccarthy
venus in boston by george thompson
the countess of albany by violet paget (a.k.a. vernon lee)
seven miles to arden by ruth sawyer
the beauties of nature by sir john lubbock
harper's young people december 30 1879 by various
the end of the rainbow by marian keith
egyptian literature by various
mary queen of scots makers of history by jacob abbott
vanished towers and chimes of flanders by george wharton edwards
the essays of george eliot by george eliot
ralph on the engine by allen chapman
the tale of jolly robin by arthur scott bailey
the maids of paradise by robert william chambers
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
cavalry in future wars by frederick von bernhardi
the orbis pictus by john amos comenius
father damien by robert louis stevenson
eothen by a. w. kinglake
the certain hour by james branch cabell
harper's young people january 6 1880 by various
the arkansaw bear by albert bigelow paine
the smart set by clyde fitch
harper's young people january 13 1880 by various
a likely story by william dean howells
the christmas fairy by john strange winter
a christmas accident and other stories by annie eliot trumbull
the children's book of christmas stories by various
christopher hibbault roadmaker by marguerite bryant
harper's young people january 20 1880 by various
one way out by william carleton
harper's young people january 27 1880 by various
life in a tank by richard haigh
pioneer surgery in kentucky by david w. yandell
travels in north america from modern writers by william bingley
aladdin of london by sir max pemberton
continuous vaudeville by will m. cressy
americanism contrasted with foreignism romanism and bogus
the land of thor by j. ross browne
reginald by saki
a bundle of ballads by various
myth ritual and religionvol. 1 by andrew lang
the young ranchers by edward s. ellis
messengers of evil by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
the new hudson shakespeare: julius caesar by william shakespeare
harper's young people february 3 1880 by various
somehow good by william de morgan
harper's young people february 10 1880 by various
lives of the presidents told in words of one syllable by jean s. remy
harper's young people february 17 1880 by various
the ranch at the wolverine by b. m. bower
by conduct and courage by george alfred henty
applied psychology: making your own world by warren hilton
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 14 1914 by various
harper's young people february 24 1880 by various
rural problems of today by ernest r. groves
nancy stair by elinor macartney lane
hebrew literature by various
poems of henry vaughan silurist volume ii by henry vaughan
lessons of the war with spain and other articles by alfred t. mahan
life of charles darwin by george thomas bettany
the love story of abner stone by edwin carlile litsey
as i remember by marian gouverneur
the hunter cats of connorloa by helen jackson
ulysses s. grant by walter allen
hurricane island by h. b. marriott watson
true to his colors by harry castlemon
william penn by george hodges
harper's young people march 2 1880 by various
gems(?) of german thought by various
france and north america from january 1845 to may 1846 by various
an obscure apostle by eliza orzeszko
the sexual life of the child by albert moll
harper's young people march 9 1880 by various
plant-lore and garden-craft of shakespeare
harper's young people march 16 1880 by various
the student's companion to latin authors by
days of heaven upon earth by rev. a. b. simpson
harper's young people march 23 1880 by various
twenty-five cent dinners for families of six by juliet corson
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
harper's young people march 30 1880 by various
black heart and white heart by h. rider haggard
the irish twins by lucy fitch perkins
home life in germany by mrs. alfred sidgwick
richard ii by jacob abbott
the cryptogram by james de mille
the dark star by robert w. chambers
the readjustment by will irwin
turn about eleanor by ethel m. kelley
madame roland makers of history by john s. c. abbott
uncle terry by charles clark munn
the motor boat club and the wireless by h. irving hancock
heart of the blue ridge by waldron baily
great men and famous women. vol. 5 of 8 by various
great men and famous women. vol. 6 of 8 by various
the combined maze by may sinclair
rose o'paradise by grace miller white
epistle sermons vol. ii by martin luther
samantha at coney island by marietta holley
man and his ancestor by charles morris
the frontier by maurice leblanc
legends of vancouver by e. pauline johnson
the beloved vagabond by william j. locke
dishes & beverages of the old south by martha mcculloch-williams
the light of the star by hamlin garland
scally by ian hay
the speaker no. 5: volume ii issue 1 by various
construction work for rural and elementary schools by virginia mcgaw
the busted ex-texan and other stories by w. h. h. murray
the wit of women by kate sanborn
the third degree by charles klein and arthur hornblow
our italy by charles dudley warner
the comical creatures from wurtemberg by unknown
the brass bound box by evelyn raymond
rambles in the islands of corsica and sardinia by thomas forester
what's-his-name by george barr mccutcheon
hepsey burke by frank noyes wescott
the power of mesmerism by anonymous
a california girl by edward eldridge
an impartial narrative of the most important engagements
elissa by h. rider haggard
kings in exile by sir charles george douglas roberts
the banner boy scouts snowbound by george a. warren
the astronomy of the bible by e. walter maunder
soldier stories by rudyard kipling
a bookful of girls by anna fuller
say and seal volume i by susan warner and anna warner
say and seal volume ii by susan warner and anna warner
gipsy life by george smith
the trail of the goldseekers by hamlin garland
twinkle and chubbins by lyman frank baum
history of woman suffrage volume iii (of iii) by various
the ancient history of the egyptians carthaginians
richard iii by jacob abbott
wild life on the rockies by enos a. mills
hints on horsemanship to a nephew and niece by george greenwood
makers of many things by eva march tappan
my days and nights on the battle-field by charles carleton coffin
a terminal market system by mrs. elmer black
cutting it out by samuel g. blythe
the homesteaders by robert j. c. stead
an ohio woman in the philippines by emily bronson conger
with hoops of steel by florence finch kelly
the roman history of ammianus marcellinus by ammianus marcellinus
poems with power to strengthen the soul by various
when dreams come true by ritter brown
australian writers by desmond byrne
ave roma immortalis vol. 2 by francis marion crawford
the christian foundation or scientific
the road and the roadside by burton willis potter
pioneers of science by sir oliver lodge
ave roma immortalis vol. 1 by francis marion crawford
the flaw in the crystal by may sinclair
penshurst castle by emma marshall
from farm house to the white house by william m. thayer
the cuckoo clock by mrs. molesworth
the metamorphoses of publius ovidus naso by ovid
framley parsonage by anthony trollope
amabel channice by anne douglas sedgwick
paul jones by hutchins hapgood
my life: or the adventures of geo. thompson by george thompson
the marriage of elinor by margaret oliphant
the history of dartmouth college by baxter perry smith
joe strong on the trapeze by vance barnum
a little girl in old philadelphia by amanda minnie douglas
the letters of queen victoria volume iii (of 3) 1854-1861
best of the world's classics by various
dave porter and the runaways by edward stratemeyer
ralph on the overland express by allen chapman
a winter amid the ice by jules verne
the squirrel inn by frank r. stockton
the ranger by edward s. ellis
sea garden by hilda doolittle
genghis khan makers of history series by jacob abbott
arizona's yesterday by john h. cady and basil dillon woon
red men and white by owen wister
the young surveyor; by j. t. trowbridge
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
the empire of the east by h. b. montgomery
tales of the fish patrol by jack london
young alaskans in the far north by emerson hough
our children by anatole france
down the slope by james otis
historic ghosts and ghost hunters by h. addington bruce
oklahoma sunshine by freeman edwin miller
operas every child should know by mary schell hoke bacon
in the high valley by susan coolidge
harding's luck by edith nesbit
a boy's town by william dean howells
the prehistoric world: or vanished races by e. a. allen
the girls of central high in camp by gertrude w. morrison
the young alaskans on the trail by emerson hough
miss ashton's new pupil by mrs. s. s. robbins
ballads of robin hood and other outlaws by frank sidgwick
chenodia by jacob bigelow
the sandman: his sea stories by william j. hopkins
pleasures of the telescope by garrett serviss
divided skates by evelyn raymond
philosophical transactions of the royal society vol 1 1666
imaginary interviews by w. d. howells
getting acquainted with the trees by j. horace mcfarland
rafael in italy by etta blaisdell mcdonald and julia dalrymple
the story of tim by anonymous
child maidelvold and other ballads by anonymous
ellen of villenskov and other ballads by anonymous
finnish arts or sir thor and damsel thure a ballad by anonymous
mendelism by reginald crundall punnett
stuyvesant by jacob abbott
harper's young people april 6 1880 by various
harper's young people april 13 1880 by various
letters to his mother ann borrow and other correspondents
harper's young people april 20 1880 by various
the white doe by sallie southall cotten
dorothy's house party by evelyn raymond
every girl's book by george f. butler
letters to his wife mary borrow by george henry borrow
the bridge of the gods by frederic homer balch
signelil a tale from the cornish and other ballads
the dalby bear and other ballads by george henry borrow
the giant of bern and orm ungerswayne a ballad by
the school queens by l. t. meade
counsel for the defense by leroy scott
the verner raven the count of vendel's daughter and other ballads
the song of deirdra king byrge and his brothers and other ballads
a blot in the 'scutcheon by robert browning
the house of the wolfings by william morris
yorkshire dialect poems by f. w. moorman
the songs of ranild by george henry borrow
harper's young people april 27 1880 by various
the story of yvashka with the bear's ear by george henry borrow
the tale of brynild and king valdemar and his sister
max and maurice by william [wilhelm] busch
the faith healer by william vaughn moody
the children's book of stars by geraldine edith mitton
donald and dorothy by mary mapes dodge
dave porter in the far north by edward stratemeyer
track's end by hayden carruth
a man's value to society by newell dwight hillis
penelope's progress by kate douglas smith wiggin
recollections of a tour made in scotland a.d. 1803
harper's young people may 4 1880 by various
harper's young people may 11 1880 by various
the hickory limb by parker fillmore
the boy broker by frank a. munsey
the mexican twins by lucy fitch perkins
harper's young people may 18 1880 by various
the philippine islands 1493-1898--volume 39 of 55 by various
english synonyms and antonyms by james champlin fernald
zigzag journeys in northern lands by hezekiah butterworth
an essay on true and apparent beauty in which from settled
harper's young people may 25 1880 by various
lover or friend by rosa nouchette carey
diary from march 4 1861 to november 12 1862 by adam gurowski
the wizard by h. rider haggard
the surrender of napoleon by sir frederick lewis maitland
captain dieppe by anthony hope
the rainbow by d. h. lawrence
frontier service during the rebellion by george h. pettis
a narrative of the mutiny on board the ship globe of
acts of the general assemblies (1638-1649) by church of scotland
the road to frontenac by samuel merwin
the backwoodsmen by charles g. d. roberts
cuore (heart) by edmondo de amicis
harper's young people june 1 1880 by various
child-life in japan and japanese child stories
ghetto comedies by israel zangwill
how girls can help their country by juliet low
harper's young people june 8 1880 by various
tord of hafsborough and other ballads by george henry borrow
young swaigder by george henry borrow
sunlight patch by credo fitch harris
jennie gerhardt by theodore dreiser
the biography of a prairie girl by eleanor gates
the book of saints and friendly beasts by abbie farwell brown
great men and famous women vol. 7 of 8 by horne
daisy's aunt by edward frederic benson
the macdermots of ballycloran by anthony trollope
five mice in a mouse-trap by laura e. richards
harper's young people june 15 1880 by various
latin america and the united states by elihu root
prince vance by eleanor putnam and arlo bates
the skilful cook by mary harrison
harper's young people june 22 1880 by various
the religion of ancient egypt by w. m. flinders petrie
harper's young people june 29 1880 by various
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
a boy i knew and four dogs by laurence hutton
treasure valley by marian keith
roman catholicism in spain by anonymous
harper's young people july 6 1880 by various
a nest of spies by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
sir william herschel: his life and works by edward singleton holden
harper's young people july 13 1880 by various
harper's young people july 20 1880 by various
captain brand of the centipede by henry augustus wise
harper's young people july 27 1880 by various
account of a voyage of discovery by captain basil hall
orthodoxy: its truths and errors by james freeman clarke
the present state of virginia by hugh jones
almost a man by mary wood-allen
address by hon. henry h. crapo by henry howland crapo
new orchard and garden by william lawson simon harwood and anonymous
a historical survey of the customs habits & present
harper's young people august 3 1880 by various
hurlbut's bible lessons by rev. jesse lyman hurlbut
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 18 1914 by various
the lightning conductor discovers america
the cook and housekeeper's complete and universal dictionary;
adventures and recollections by bill o'th' hoylus end
the mushroom edible and otherwise by m. e. hard
harper's young people august 10 1880 by various
polly of lady gay cottage by emma c. dowd
testimony of the sonnets as to the authorship of the
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
old man curry by charles emmett van loan
black bass by charles barker bradford
harper's young people august 17 1880 by various
the wild geese by stanley john weyman
grimhild's vengeance by george henry borrow
the web of the golden spider by frederick orin bartlett
a bride of the plains by baroness emmuska orczy
queen elizabeth by jacob abbott
harper's young people august 24 1880 by various
les parsis by d. menant
the bow its history manufacture and use by henry saint-george
the trail of a sourdough by may kellogg sullivan
harper's young people august 31 1880 by various
cursory observations on the poems attributed to thomas rowley (1782)
they of the high trails by hamlin garland
the fountain of maribo and other ballards by anonymous
the gold horns by adam gottlob oehlenschl?r
brief reflections relative to the emigrant french clergy (1793)
david dunne by belle kanaris maniates
the boy settlers by noah brooks
billy topsail & company by norman duncan
out of the depths by robert ames bennet
with the night mail by rudyard kipling
harper's young people september 14 1880 by various
pius ix. and his time by aeneas macdonell dawson
the best of the world's classics restricted to prose
harper's young people september 21 1880 by various
holbein by beatrice fortescue
telepathy by w. w. baggally
fifty glimpses of washington by unknown
harper's young people september 28 1880 by various
lippincott's magazine september 1885 by various
the traitors by edward phillips oppenheim
the aural system by anonymous
the flying mercury by eleanor m. ingram
secret memoirs: the story of louise crown princess by henry w. fischer
harper's young people october 5 1880 by various
harper's young people october 12 1880 by various
graham's magazine vol xxxii no. 1 january 1848 by various
ebrietatis encomium by boniface oinophilus
a letter from a clergyman to his friend by anonymous
a short history of spain by mary platt parmele
the siege of boston by allen french
harper's young people october 19 1880 by various
ruth fielding at briarwood hall by alice b. emerson
out of the north by howard v. sutherland
dialogues in french and english by william caxton
some observations on the ethnography and archaeology of
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 july 8 1914 by various
ponteach by robert rogers
the group by mercy warren
the battle of bunkers-hill by hugh henry brackenridge
the fall of british tyranny by john leacock
the politician out-witted by samuel low
she would be a soldier by mordecai manuel noah
harper's young people october 26 1880 by various
little masterpieces of science by various
chronicles of border warfare by alexander scott withers
a breath of prairie and other stories by will lillibridge
the international monthly volume 3 no. 2 may 1851 by various
the memoirs of count grammont complete by anthony hamilton
the monkey that would not kill by henry drummond
high finance by otto h. kahn
the book of khalid by ameen rihani
the enclosures in england by harriett bradley
sure pop and the safety scouts by roy rutherford bailey
of some imperfections of impressiones of chaucer's workes
the story of the great war volume iii (of 8) by various
thurston of orchard valley by harold bindloss
the formation of christendom volume vi by thomas william allies
the story of the great war volume ii (of 8) by various
people of position by stanley portal hyatt
mountain meditations by l. lind-af-hageby
how the piano came to be by ellye howell glover
remarks concerning stones from the clouds by edward king
an encore by margaret deland
aino folk-tales by basil hall chamberlain
the old game by samuel g. blythe
the railroad question by william larrabee
early short fiction of edith wharton part 1 of 10 by edith wharton
rodney the partisan by harry castlemon
in the days of drake by j. s. fletcher
sielanka: an idyll by henryk sienkiewicz
afloat on the ohio by reuben gold thwaites
north american medical and surgical journal vol. 2 no. 3
irish fairy tales by edmond leamy
camping with president roosevelt by john burroughs
war from the inside by frederick lyman hitchcock
out-of-doors in the holy land by henry van dyke
sir henry morgan buccaneer by cyrus townsend brady
the trimming of goosie by james hopper
a poetical review of the late samuel johnson by john courtenay
sandwiches by sarah tyson heston rorer
evidence as to man's place in nature by thomas h. huxley
on some fossil remains of man by thomas h. huxley
william harvey and the discovery of the circulation of the blood
the crevice by william john burns and isabel ostrander
war letters of a public-school boy by henry paul mainwaring jones
a gold hunter's experience by chalkley j. hambleton
england and germany by emile joseph dillon
the story of the great war volume iv (of 8) by official sources
the story of the great war volume v (of 8) by official sources
ancient monuments of north and south america 2nd ed. c. s. rafinesque
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 2 1914 by various
great men and famous women vol. 8 (of 8) by various
our young folks at home and abroad by various
elements of foreign exchange by franklin escher
browning's england by helen archibald clarke
the prisoner by alice brown
patrick henry by moses coit tyler
the gaunt gray wolf by dillon wallace
pinafore palace by various
the adventures of herr baby by mrs. molesworth
the story of the great war volume vi (of viii) by various
boys and girls bookshelf (vol 2 of 17) by various
marcy the blockade runner by harry castlemon
social justice without socialism by john bates clark
clairvoyance by charles webster leadbeater
murder point by coningsby dawson
the gods of mars by edgar rice burroughs
the voyages and adventures of captain hatteras by jules verne
an inquiry into the causes and effects of the variolae vaccinae
the meaning of evolution by samuel christian schmucker
the confessions of a caricaturist vol. 1 (of 2) by harry furniss
things as they are by amy carmichael
lotus buds by amy carmichael
dr. sevier by george w. cable
leading articles on various subjects by hugh miller
the new york stock exchange in the crisis of 1914
the wings of the dove volume 1 of 2 by henry james
traffic in souls by eustace hale ball
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 25 1914 by various
the comic latin grammar by percival leigh
the electoral votes of 1876 by david dudley field
the house under the sea by sir max pemberton
a supplementary chapter to the bible in spain by george borrow
blood and iron by john hubert greusel
the night riders by ridgwell cullum
the fifth string by john philip sousa
benjamin franklin by paul elmer more
the little brown hen by jasmine stone van dresser
faro nell and her friends by alfred henry lewis
a forest hearth: a romance of indiana in the thirties by charles major
king philip by john stevens cabot abbott
christopher columbus and his monument columbia by various
the film of fear by arnold fredericks
mummery by gilbert cannan
little masterpieces of science: explorers by various
the ethics of co?ation by james hayden tufts
opinion of the supreme court of the united states at
john and betty's history visit by margaret williamson
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 23 1914 by various
the masked bridal by mrs. georgie sheldon
the soul of a people by h. fielding
the camp fire girls in the mountains by jane l. stewart
childhood and adolescence by jacques casanova de seingalt
a cleric in naples by jacques casanova de seingalt
military career by jacques casanova de seingalt
return to venice by jacques casanova de seingalt
milan and mantua by jacques casanova de seingalt
paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
venice by jacques casanova de seingalt
convent affairs by jacques casanova de seingalt
the false nun by jacques casanova de seingalt
the red hand of ulster by george a. birmingham
grace actual and habitual by joseph pohle
jolly sally pendleton by laura jean libbey
where half the world is waking up by clarence poe
the preface to aristotle's art of poetry by andre dacier
told by the northmen: by e. m. [ethel mary] wilmot-buxton
rural hygiene by henry neely ogden
the lord of glory by arno gaebelein
boy scouts handbook by boy scouts of america
in a little town by rupert hughes
the clock that had no hands by herbert kaufman
the centurion's story by david james burrell
'charge it' by irving bacheller
nan of music mountain by frank h. spearman
whispering smith by frank h. spearman
the o'ruddy by stephen crane and robert barr
seven minor epics by dunstan gale et al.
the bondwoman by marah ellis ryan
tricks of the town: or ways and means of getting money
the story of the cotton plant by frederick wilkinson
the loom of life by cotton noe
henry iv makers of history by john s. c. abbott
the emigrant by frederick william thomas
personal recollections of a cavalryman by james harvey kidd
treatise on the diseases of women by lydia e. pinkham
james boswell by william keith leask
two arrows by william o. stoddard
the golden woman by ridgwell cullum
the destroyer by burton egbert stevenson
under the leads by jacques casanova de seingalt
paris and holland by jacques casanova de seingalt
return to paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
holland and germany by jacques casanova de seingalt
switzerland by jacques casanova de seingalt
with voltaire by jacques casanova de seingalt
depart switzerland by jacques casanova de seingalt
return to italy by jacques casanova de seingalt
return to naples by jacques casanova de seingalt
back again to paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
dr. montessori's own handbook by maria montessori
the twins of suffering creek by ridgwell cullum
is civilization a disease? by stanton coit
the business career in its public relations by albert shaw
hidden water by dane coolidge
the island mystery by george a. birmingham
once to every man by larry evans
the serpent knight and other ballards by george borrow
the greater power by harold bindloss and w. herbert dunton
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 16 1914 by various
conestoga wagons in braddock's campaign 1755 by don h. berkebile
the wall street girl by frederick orin bartlett
the mountain divide by frank h. spearman
italy the magic land by lilian whiting
three years in the federal cavalry by willard glazier
adrift on the pacific by edward s. ellis
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 30 1914 by various
nobody by louis joseph vance
creating capital by frederick l. lipman
higher education and business standards by willard eugene hotchkiss
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 september 3 1887 by various
erdgeist (earth-spirit) by frank wedekind
prefaces terence and plautus comedies by lawrence echard
history of england from the fall of wolsey by james anthony froude
henry the sixth by john blacman
hampstead and marylebone by geraldine edith mitton
taxidermy by leon luther pray
a waif of the mountains by edward s. ellis
the treasure trail by marah ellis ryan
the hound from the north by ridgwell cullum
the cruise of the shining light by norman duncan
the heart of thunder mountain by edfrid a. bingham
hetty's strange history by helen jackson
poetical works of william cullen bryant by william cullen bryant
the princess virginia by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the harmsworth magazine v. 1 1898-1899 no. 2 by various
philo gubb correspondence-school detective by ellis parker butler
the mayas sources of their history by stephen salisbury jr
trees of the northern united states by austin c. apgar
the strollers by frederic s. isham
milan by jacques casanova de seingalt
south of france by jacques casanova de seingalt
to london by jacques casanova de seingalt
the english by jacques casanova de seingalt
flight from london to berlin by jacques casanova de seingalt
russia and poland by jacques casanova de seingalt
spain by jacques casanova de seingalt
expelled from spain by jacques casanova de seingalt
return to rome by jacques casanova de seingalt
florence to trieste by jacques casanova de seingalt
desserts and salads by gesine lemcke
the old arm-chair by eliza cook
experiments and observations on different kinds of air
little masterpieces of science: by various
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 1 july 1848 by various
the missionary by george griffith
kristy's rainy day picnic by olive thorne miller
the lonely way--intermezzo--countess mizzie by arthur schnitzler
aztec land by maturin m. ballou
melomaniacs by james huneker
an orkney maid by amelia edith huddleston barr
whittier-land by samuel t. pickard
the dominant strain by anna chapin ray
pretty madcap dorothy by laura jean libbey
anonymous letter to lord mounteagle in 1605 by parker et al.
raiding with morgan by byron a. dunn
england picturesque and descriptive by joel cook
buffalo bill's spy trailer by colonel prentiss ingraham
the prison chaplaincy and its experiences by hosea quinby
japan by david murray
the man who wins by robert herrick
the declaration of the rights of man and of citizens by georg jellinek
the industries of animals by fr?ric houssay
the harbor of doubt by frank williams
the plunderer by roy norton
the cathedrals of northern france by francis miltoun
is he popenjoy? by anthony trollope
hair breadth escapes by t. s. arthur
old age and death by jacques casanova de seingalt
the complete memoires of jacques casanova de seingalt
mark twain a biography vol. 1 part 1 1835-1866
mark twain a biography vol. 1 part 2 1866-1875
mark twain a biography vol. 2 part 1 1875-1886
mark twain a biography vol. 2 part 2 1886-1900
mark twain a biography vol. 3 part 1 1900-1907
mark twain a biography vol. 3 part 2 1907-1910
mark twain a biography 1835-1910 complete by albert bigelow paine
the house in the water by charles g. d. roberts
daughters of the revolution and their times by charles carleton coffin
dwellers in the hills by melville davisson post
the ivory snuff box by arnold fredericks
dave porter at bear camp by edward stratemeyer
in times like these by nellie l. mcclung
notes and queries index of volume 5 january-june 1852 by various
love and lucy by maurice henry hewlett
essays: scientific political & speculative vol. i by herbert spencer
the history of woman suffrage volume iv by various
dreamers of the ghetto by i. zangwill
the poetical works of william collins by william collins
up the forked river by seward d. lisle
history of religion by allan menzies
a romance of the west indies by eugene sue
criminal man by gina lombroso-ferrero
sex=the unknown quantity by ali nomad
changing winds by st. john g. ervine
thoughts on art and life by leonardo da vinci
a singer from the sea by amelia edith huddleston barr
the social principles of jesus by walter rauschenbusch
hittel on gold mines and mining by john s. hittell
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 february 15 1890 by various
the harbor by ernest poole
jan and her job by l. allen harker
the american mind by bliss perry
commercialism and journalism by hamilton holt
the law-breakers by ridgwell cullum
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 2 august 1848 by various
clarissa: preface hints of prefaces and postscript samuel richardson
the 'patriotes' of '37 by alfred d. decelles
culture and cooking by catherine owen
st. nicholas magazine for boys and girls by various
the history of the first west india regiment by a. b. ellis
the boy scouts on belgian battlefields by lieut. howard payson
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 1 1890 by various
poems by william d. howells
the bird book by chester a. reed
law and laughter by george alexander morton
l'aiglon by edmond rostand
graham of claverhouse by ian maclaren
the daughter of the storage by william dean howells
rugs: oriental and occidental antique & modern by rosa belle holt
a story of one short life 1783 to 1818 by elisabeth g. stryker
the award of justice by a. maynard barbour
the eye of dread by payne erskine
word study and english grammar by frederick w. hamilton
a line-o'-verse or two by bert leston taylor
stalky & co. by rudyard kipling
the smoky god by willis george emerson
mlle. fouchette by charles theodore murray
aircraft and submarines by willis j. abbot
the contemporary review volume 36 september 1879 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 8 1890 by various
the pirate woman by aylward edward dingle
independence: virginia 1763-1783 by virginia state dept. of education
the wings of the dove volume ii by henry james
the religious sentiment by daniel g. brinton
laboratory manual of glass-blowing by francis c. frary
angelot by eleanor price
jessica the heiress by evelyn raymond
our next-door neighbors by belle kanaris maniates
the arena by various
letters of madam guyon by p. l. upham
life of henry martyn 1781 to 1812 by sarah j. rhea
amaryllis at the fair by richard jefferies
dorothy dainty at the mountains by amy brooks
young barbarians by ian maclaren
robinetta by kate douglas wiggin et al
the shepherd of the north by richard aumerle maher
the camera fiend by ernest hornung
hypochondriasis by john hill
the russian garland by various
the one-way trail by ridgwell cullum
journal of submarine commander von forstner
tante by anne douglas sedgwick
masonic monitor of the degrees by george thornburgh
romans -- volume 3: micromegas by voltaire
the flute of the gods by marah ellis ryan
tales from dickens by charles dickens and hallie erminie rives
where strongest tide winds blew by robert mcreynolds
due south or cuba past and present by maturin m. ballou
nye and riley's wit and humor (poems and yarns)
the canon of the bible by samuel davidson
elementary theosophy by l. w. rogers
walter pieterse by multatuli
short history of the book of common prayer
daisy brooks by laura jean libbey
the seiners by james brendan connolly
the lady of the lake by sir walter scott
the forerunner vol. 1 by charlotte p. gilman
the true-born englishman by daniel defoe
christ christianity and the bible by i. m. haldeman
old english patent medicines in america by griffenhagen and young
a history of giggleswick school by edward allen bell
the story of the white mouse by unknown
saint ursula by john ruskin
our moslem sisters by annie van sommer and samuel marinus zwemer
the note-book of an attache by eric fisher wood
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 march 15 1890 by various
a manual of the art of fiction by clayton hamilton
the fairy changeling and other poems by dora sigerson shorter
london lyrics by frederick locker-lampson
the great events by famous historians v. 13 by various
around the world with josiah allen's wife by marietta holley
farthest north by fridtjof nansen
nirvana days by cale young rice
ancient and modern celebrated freethinkers by
reminiscences of charles bradlaugh by george w. foote
humanity's gain from unbelief by charles bradlaugh
men women and gods by helen h. gardener
comic bible sketches by george w. foote
the great cattle trail by edward s. ellis
the buddhist catechism by henry s. olcott
birds illustrated by color photograph [january 1897] by various
bridge disasters in america by george l. vose
a prairie infanta by eva wilder brodhead
many gods by cale young rice
eighteenth century essays on shakespeare by various
officer 666 by barton w. currie and augustin mchugh
a story of the red cross by clara barton
the vote that made the president by david dudley field
folk-lore in borneo by william henry furness
six centuries of english poetry by james baldwin
pepita ximenez by juan valera
the claims of labour by arthur helps
the person and work of the holy spirit by r.a. torrey
crayon portraiture by jerome a. barhydt
ways of nature by john burroughs
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by colin comb?and san agustin
the founder of new france by charles w. colby
frederic lord leighton by ernest rhys
a captain in the ranks by george cary eggleston
li? on the line of march by glenna lindsley bigelow
my autobiography by f. max m?r
that mother-in-law of mine by anonymous
tom and maggie tulliver by anonymous
some imagist poets by aldington et al.
friars and filipinos by jose rizal
the one hoss shay by oliver wendell holmes
our homeland churches and how to study them by sidney heath
kildares of storm by eleanor mercein kelly
the century handbook of writing by garland greever and easley s. jones
the social work of the salvation army by edwin gifford lamb
the philosophy of teaching by nathaniel sands
the magnificent adventure by emerson hough
the romance of a plain man by ellen glasgow
the side of the angels by basil king
the benefactress by elizabeth beauchamp
how to study by george fillmore swain
carmen ariza by charles francis stocking
the preacher of cedar mountain by ernest thompson seton
money magic by hamlin garland
beyond the frontier by randall parrish
trail tales by james david gillilan
the elements of drawing by john ruskin
the thread of gold by arthur christopher benson
democritus platonissans by henry more
a book of cheerful cats and other animated animals by j. g. francis
the wilderness fugitives by edward s. ellis
the passionate friends by herbert george wells
whitman by john burroughs
the fortunate mistress (parts 1 and 2) by daniel defoe
the peace of roaring river by george van schaick
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume xxxvi 1649-1666 by various
santa f? partner by thomas a. janvier
the broom-squire by sabine baring-gould
the boy from hollow hut by isla may mullins
select poems of thomas gray by thomas gray
a history of horncastle by james conway walter
paul gerhardt's spiritual songs by paul gerhardt
in desert and wilderness by henryk sienkiewicz
old quebec by sir gilbert parker and claude glennon bryan
life and literature by j. purver richardson
the conflict between private monopoly and good citizenship
the day of sir john macdonald by joseph pope
mark mason's victory by horatio alger
dickens' london by francis miltoun
betelguese by jean louis de esque
twelve causes of dishonesty by henry ward beecher
dave porter and his double by edward stratemeyer
philippine islands 1493-1898; volume 41 of 55 1691-1700 by various
rhymes of a rolling stone by robert w. service
all the way to fairyland by evelyn sharp
benjamin franklin a picture of the struggles of our infant
a short essay toward the improvement of psalmody by isaac watts
christology of the old testament: and a commentary on the
on the execution of music and principally of ancient music
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 22 1890 by various
the bright face of danger by robert neilson stephens and h. c. edwards
how to form a library 2nd ed by h. b. wheatley
the poets' lincoln by various
elam storm the wolfer by harry castlemon
was man created? by henry a. mott
calumet 'k' by samuel merwin and henry kitchell webster
a book of sibyls by anne thackeray ritchie
hope mills by amanda m. douglas
mrs. tree by laura e. richards
the cleveland era a chronicle of the new order in politics
desperate remedies by thomas hardy
the last chronicle of barset by anthony trollope
the little duke by charlotte m. yonge
flamp the ameliorator and the schoolboy's apprentice by e. v. lucas
snow on the headlight by cy warman
the lieutenant-governor by guy wetmore carryl
the boy scout fire fighters by irving crump
through russian snows by g. a henty
a manifest destiny by julia magruder
needlework as art by marian alford
vegetable diet: as sanctioned by medical men and by
the international spy by allen upward
the rustler of wind river by g. w. ogden
confessions of a neurasthenic by william taylor marrs
the green helmet and other poems by william butler yeats
phrenological development of robert burns by george combe
the fifth of november by charles s. bentley and f. kimball scribner
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 5 1890 by various
the adventures of a brownie by miss mulock
a history of science volume 5(of 5) by henry smith williams
collected poems by alfred noyes
the gorgeous isle by gertrude atherton
anarchism and socialism by george plechanoff
birds illustrated by color photography vol. ii no 3
the etiquette of engagement and marriage by g. r. m. devereux
birds illustrated by color photography [july 1897] by various
illustrations of the book of job by william blake
skipper worse by alexander lange kielland
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 12 1890 by various
notes of a war correspondent by richard harding davis
an open-eyed conspiracy by w. d. howells
signs of change by william morris
the wood beyond the world by william morris
berenice by e. phillips oppenheim
george brown by john lewis
the twentieth century american by h. perry robinson
finn the wolfhound by a. j. dawson
the humourous story of farmer bumpkin's lawsuit by richard harris
birds illustrated by colour photography vol ii. no. 4
eighth reader by james baldwin and ida c. bender
his last week by william e. barton theodore f. soares and
unfinished portraits by jennette lee
the evolution of the country community by warren h. wilson
kipling stories and poems every child should know book ii
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 19 may 1890 by various
told in the coffee house by cyrus adler and allan ramsay
the covent garden theatre or pasquin turn'd drawcansir
a diplomatic adventure by s. weir mitchell
the exploits of juve by ?ile souvestre and marcel allain
the continental dragoon by robert neilson stephens
the greville memoirs by charles c. f. greville
the greville memoirs by charles c. f. greville
collected poems by alfred noyes
the pines of lory by john ames mitchell
the landleaguers by anthony trollope
christology of the old testament: and a commentary on the
the message and the man: by j. dodd jackson
records of later life by frances ann kemble
epistle sermons vol. iii by martin luther
the unknown quantity by henry van dyke
the missourian by eugene percy lyle
alexander the great by jacob abbott
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 3 1890 by various
birds illustrated by color photograph volume 1 number 2
in the heart of a fool by william allen white
the naples riviera by herbert m. vaughan
the somnambulist and the detective by allan pinkerton
washington square plays by various
aurora the magnificent by gertrude hall
woman under socialism by august bebel
paris from the earliest period to the present day; volume 1
in the seven woods by william butler yeats
sovereign grace by dwight moody
discourses on a sober and temperate life by lewis cornaro
the story of a new york house by henry cuyler bunner
callista by john henry cardinal newman
gossip in the first decade of victoria's reign by john ashton
birds illustrated by color photography [june 1897] by various
a father of women by alice meynell
the brownings by lilian whiting
famous firesides of french canada by mary wilson alloway
presbyterian worship by robert johnston
primary handwork by ella victoria dobbs
birds illustrated by color photography vol. ii.
supplement to punch 16th december 1914 by various
buxton and its medicinal waters by robert ottiwell gifford-bennet
the boys of '98 by james otis
little tales of the desert by ethel twycross foster
the lord of misrule by alfred noyes
the brass bottle by f. anstey
the casual ward by a. d. godley
sir tom by mrs. oliphant
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 10 1890 by various
alaska days with john muir by samuel hall young
a critique of the theory of evolution by thomas hunt morgan
the record of nicholas freydon by alec john dawson
the rain cloud by anonymous
cyrus the great by jacob abbott
the origins and destiny of imperial britain by j. a. cramb
east anglia by j. ewing ritchie
happy days for boys and girls by various
fathers and children by ivan sergeevich turgenev
cole's funny picture book no. 1 by edward william cole
motor boat boys down the coast by louis arundel
industrial conspiracies by clarence s. darrow
the fate of felix brand by florence finch kelly
mushrooms of america edible and poisonous by anonymous
clark's field by robert herrick
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 march 29 1890 by various
men of the bible by dwight moody
ringan gilhaize by john galt
the sex worship and symbolism of primitive races by sanger brown ii
my private menagerie by theophile gautier
news writing by m. lyle spencer
sowing and reaping by dwight moody
the baptist magazine vol. 27 january 1835 by various
materials and methods of fiction by clayton hamilton
rhymes and meters by horatio winslow
lavengro by george borrow
the song of hiawatha by henry wadsworth longfellow
nature myths and stories for little children by flora j. cooke
commentaries on the laws of england by william blackstone
books before typography by frederick w. hamilton
the moving finger by e. phillips oppenheim
with the french in france and salonika by richard harding davis
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 january 25th 1890
old roads and new roads by william bodham donne
campaign of battery d first rhode island light artillery
the rushton boys at treasure cove by spencer davenport
the campfire girls on ellen's isle by hildegard g. frey
gold by stewart white
weeds by the wall by madison j. cawein
a country gentleman and his family by mrs. margaret oliphant
seven keys to baldpate by earl derr biggers
ashton-kirk criminologist by john t. mcintyre
compound words by frederick w. hamilton
mrs. cliff's yacht by frank r. stockton
fifteenth century prose and verse by various
mrs. raffles by john kendrick bangs
the voice by frank e. miller
the wife of sir isaac harman by herbert george wells
ruby at school by minnie e. paull
breakfasts and teas by paul pierce
castle in spain by james de mille
the missing tin box by arthur m. winfield
analysis of mr. mill's system of logic by william stebbing
his lordship's leopard by david dwight wells
maria antoinette by john stevens cabot abbott
eternal life by henry drummond
the painter in oil by daniel burleigh parkhurst
the life of blessed john b. marie vianney cur?f ars by anonymous
two little women by carolyn wells
god and mr. wells by william archer
george borrow by thomas seccombe
the american church dictionary and cyclopedia by william james miller
the mechanism of the human voice by emil behnke
the co-citizens by corra harris
the little book of the flag by eva march tappan
when ghost meets ghost by william frend de morgan
a little housekeeping book for a little girl
the man who did not die by j. h. willard
the boarded-up house by augusta huiell seaman
rosemary in search of a fatherby c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the bible in its making by mildred duff and noel hope
the queen against owen by allen upward
the corner house girls growing up by grace brooks hill
the wilderness trail by frank williams
punch or the london charivari volume 98 may 17 1890. by various
polly's senior year at boarding school by dorothy whitehill
red eve by h. rider haggard
the lady of the shroud by bram stoker
beatrice by h. rider haggard
the wanderer's necklace by h. rider haggard
peggy owen and liberty by lucy foster madison
german classics of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries by various
lectures delivered in america in 1874 by charles kingsley
the go ahead boys and the treasure cave by ross kay
the boy allies with the cossacks by clair w. hayes
with ethan allen at ticonderoga by w. bert foster
the boy scout and other stories for boys by richard harding davis
history of the great american fortunes vol. i by myers gustavus
the rushton boys at rally hall by spencer davenport
birds illustrated by color photography december 1897
miss mouse and her boys by mrs. molesworth
a sunny little lass by evelyn raymond
the big five motorcycle boys on the battle line by ralph marlow
miss cayley's adventures by grant allen
soil culture by j. h. walden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 1 by various
kidnapped at the altar by laura jean libbey
the real latin quarter by f. berkeley smith
an introduction to shakespeare by n. maccraken
knots bends splices by j. netherclift jutsum
porto rico by arthur d. hall
the spectacle man by mary f. leonard
indian methodist hymn-book by various
the history and antiquities of horsham by howard dudley
ten thousand a-year volume 1 by samuel warren
catalogue of the books presented by edward capell to the
ivory apes and peacocks by james huneker
a farmer's wife by j. h. willard
the bandbox by louis joseph vance
the life of napoleon bonaparte by william milligan sloane
walt whitman yesterday and today by henry eduard legler
guy fawkes by thomas lathbury
james vi and the gowrie mystery by andrew lang
the lovers assistant or new art of love by henry fielding
punch or the london charivari volume 98 may 24 1890 by various
washington irving by charles dudley warner
a little journey in the world by charles dudley warner
as we were saying by charles dudley warner
twenty-five years in the black belt by william james edwards
the wishing moon by louise elizabeth dutton
stories by american authors volume 2 by various
try again by oliver optic
andrew jackson by william garrott brown
in the ranks by r. e. mcbride
the german classics v. 20 by various
the mermaid of druid lake and other stories by charles weathers bump
and they thought we wouldn't fight by floyd gibbons
hero stories from american history
stories by american authors volume 3 by various
froebel's gifts by kate douglas wiggin and nora archibald smith
spenser by r. w. church
the elements of agriculture by george e. waring
violence and the labor movement by robert hunter
across asia on a bicycle by thomas gaskell allen
the scarlet stigma by james edgar smith
an account of our arresting experiences by conway evans
the long day by dorothy richardson
the mystery of witch-face mountain and other stories
a diary without dates by enid bagnold
life and work of susan b. anthony (volume 2 of 2) by ida husted harper
boys' book of indian warriors by edwin l. sabin
hazlitt on english literature by jacob zeitlin
home life of great authors by hattie tyng griswold
stories by american authors volume 7 by various
the adventures of the eleven cuff-buttons by james francis thierry
the plow-woman by eleanor gates
young auctioneers by edward stratemeyer
stories by american authors volume 8 by various
the english novel in the time of shakespeare by j. j. jusserand
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 1 by various
essentials of economic theory by john bates clark
free joe and other georgian sketches by joel chandler harris
german problems and personalities by charles sarolea
the old willow tree and other stories by carl ewald
old english poems by various
ritual conformity by unknown
ellen middleton--a tale by georgiana fullerton
rembrandt with a complete list of his etchings by arthur hind
what shall we do now?: five hundred games and pastimes
'laramie;' by charles king
the monster and other stories by stephen crane
manifesto of the communist party by karl marx and frederick engels
stories by american authors volume 9 by various
english caricaturists and graphic humourists
the wide awake girls in winsted by katharine ellis barrett
the strange cases of dr. stanchon by josephine daskam bacon
medica sacra by richard mead
the redskins; or indian and injin volume 1 by james fenimore cooper
cavalry of the clouds by alan bott
broad-sword and single-stick by r. g. allanson-winn
household papers and stories by harriet beecher stowe
the life and times of ulric zwingli by johann hottinger
rulers of india: albuquerque by henry morse stephens
stories by american authors volume 10 by various
history of morgan's cavalry by basil w. duke
a history of the english church in new zealand by henry thomas purchas
noah webster by horace e. scudder
the complete essays of charles dudley warner
the story of pocahantas by charles dudley warner
aliens by william mcfee
critical remarks on sir charles grandison clarissa
acadian reminiscences by felix voorhies
a little garrison by fritz von der kyrburg
the book of pears and plums by edward bartrum
a morning's walk from london to kew by richard phillips
the conservation of races by w. e. burghardt du bois
how the black st. domingo legion saved the patriot
dainty's cruel rivals by mrs. alex mcveigh miller
the boy with the u. s. life-savers by francis rolt-wheeler
bark kathleen sunk by a whale by thomas h. jenkins
aunt hannah and seth by james otis
quality street by j. m. barrie
taxonomy of the chipmunks eutamias quadrivittatus
civilization the primal need of the race by alexander crummell
upon the tree-tops by olive thorne miller
the writings of thomas paine complete by thomas paine
the writings of thomas paine volume iii. by thomas paine
threads of grey and gold by myrtle reed
anglo-saxon grammar and exercise book by c. alphonso smith
the history of freedom by john emerich edward dalberg-acton
a review of hoffman's race traits and tendencies
right on the scaffold or the martyrs of 1822 by archibald h. grimke
a year in the fields by john burroughs
the trial of theodore parker by theodore parker
the ultimate criminal by archibald h. grimke
peonage by lafayette m. hershaw
vocations explained by anonymous
the forerunners by romain rolland
charles sumner centenary by archibald h. grimke
the campaign of the jungle by edward stratemeyer
geronimo's story of his life by geronimo
the wooing of calvin parks by laura e. richards
the demand and the supply of increased efficiency
the angel of the revolution by george griffith
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 2 by various
the ballotless victim of one-party governments by archibald h. grimke
a journal of impressions in belgium by may sinclair
history of the constitutions of iowa by benjamin f. shambaugh
captain john smith by charles dudley warner
ballades & rhymes by andrew lang
the dove in the eagle's nest by charlotte m. yonge
the colored girl beautiful by e. azalia hackley
the 3 little kittens by anonymous
history of the intellectual development of europe
bible studies in the life of paul by henry t. sell
sex-education by maurice alpheus bigelow
personal recollections of the war of 1861 by charles augustus fuller
death by maurice maeterlinck
notes and queries number 235 april 29 1854 by various
the weans at rowallan by kathleen fitzpatrick
a little dusky hero by harriot t comstock
the training of a forester by gifford pinchot
mistress nell by george c. hazelton jr
solaris farm by milan c. edson
weird tales. vol. i by e. t. a. hoffmann
bred of the desert by marcus horton
the squire's daughter by archibald marshall
in the early days along the overland trail in nebraska
betty wales freshman by edith k. dunton
mother truth's melodies by mrs. e. p. miller
the boy scouts in the maine woods by herbert carter
the campfire girls on the field of honor by margaret vandercook
notes and queries number 238 may 20 1854 by various
young adventure by stephen vincent benet
rhymes of a red cross man by robert w. service
the culprit fay and other poems by joseph rodman drake
the ways of men by eliot gregory
the story of extinct civilizations of the west by robert e. anderson
bear brownie by h. p. robinson
the immortal moment by may sinclair
the battle and the ruins of cintla by daniel g. brinton
wyn's camping days by amy bell marlowe
through apache lands by r. h. jayne
the kempton-wace letters by jack london and anna strunsky
weird tales vol. ii. by e. t. a. hoffmann
idle ideas in 1905 by jerome k. jerome
a summer in a canyon by kate douglas wiggin
a village stradivarius by kate douglas wiggin
marm lisa by kate douglas wiggin
across the plains to california in 1852 by lodisa frizell
a little question in ladies' rights by parker fillmore
the southern soldier boy by james carson elliott
the evidence in the case by james m. beck and joseph h. choate
the rub??of a bachelor by helen rowland
john march southerner by george w. cable
cynthia's chauffeur by louis tracy
the life of nancy by sarah orne jewett
blue goose by frank lewis nason
boy scouts on the great divide by archibald lee fletcher
the little regiment by stephen crane
the daughter of a republican by bernie babcock
the young man in business by edward w. bok
contemporary russian novelists by serge persky
concerning justice by lucilius a. emery
the sweet girl graduates by rea woodman
peggy raymond's vacation by harriet lummis smith
euthenics the science of controllable environment
mary magdalen by edgar saltus
history of witchcraft in england from 1558 to 1718
the coming of the law by charles alden seltzer
trusia by davis brinton
the pearl of orr's island by harriet beecher stowe
the price of the prairie by margaret hill mccarter
james gilmour of mongolia by james gilmour
life of wagner by louis nohl
doubloons--and the girl by john maxwell forbes
fifty-two sunday dinners by elizabeth o. hiller
a monk of cruta by e. phillips oppenheim
human nature and other sermons by joseph butler
the surprising adventures of baron munchausen by rudolph erich raspe
she by h. rider haggard
the battle of the big hole by g. o. shields
the first essay on the political rights of women
lectures on russian literature by ivan panin
under the liberty tree by james otis
dick in the desert by james otis
cupid's middleman by edward b. lent
the lawyers a drama in five acts by augustus william iffland
historic tales vol. 12 (of 15) by charles morris
room number 3 by anna katharine green
olla podrida by frederick marryat
st. gregory and the gregorian music by e. g. p. wyatt
scouting with daniel boone by everett t. tomlinson
the song of lancaster kentucky by eugenia dunlap potts
the return of the prodigal by may sinclair
the art and craft of printing by william morris
a canadian bankclerk by j. p. buschlen
studies in prophecy by arno c. gaebelein
works of martin luther by martin luther
the cooking manual of practical directions for economical
twelve preludes for the pianoforte op. 25 by n. louise wright
in the brooding wild by ridgwell cullum
the lords of the ghostland by edgar saltus
a trip to the orient by robert urie jacob
the books of chilan balam the prophetic and historic
health lessons by alvin davison
optimism by helen keller
volcanoes: past and present by edward hull
scotland yard by george dilnot
hand-loom weaving by mattie phipps todd
the silent barrier by louis tracy
complete classified price list of school and college
birds and bees sharp eyes and other papers by john burroughs
doctor thorne by anthony trollope
crestlands by mary addams bayne
through our unknown southwest by agnes c. laut
kept for the master's use by frances ridley havergal
a daughter of the forest by evelyn raymond
side-stepping with shorty by sewell ford
recreations of christopher north volume i (of 2) by john wilson
plain talks on avoided subjects by henry newell guernsey
the triads of ireland by kuno meyer
the rose of paradise by howard pyle
the annals of willenhall by frederick william hackwood
studies in contemporary biography by james bryce viscount bryce
in the border country by william shillinglaw crockett
hand and ring by anna katharine green
life of john keats by william michael rossetti
stories of the foot-hills by margaret collier graham
what shall i be? by rev. francis cassily
the bacillus of long life by loudon douglas
history of nineteenth century literature (1780-1895) george saintsbury
reflections of a bachelor girl by helen rowland
type cases and composing-room furniture by a. a. stewart
the social direction of evolution by william e. kellicott
minor poems by milton by john milton
our southern highlanders by horace kephart
the life of william ewart gladstone (vol 3 of 3) by john morley
the garden of dreams by madison j. cawein
a prince of good fellows by robert barr
the witches of new york by q. k. philander doesticks
the rosie world by parker fillmore
madge morton's trust by amy d. v. chalmers
corner house girls in a play by grace brooks hill and r. emmett owen
cecilia by f. marion crawford
poems and ballads of heinrich heine by heinrich heine
my brave and gallant gentleman by robert watson
aus meinem k?reich by carmen sylva
chants for socialists by william morris
the gold sickle by eug? sue
the infant's skull by eug? sue
why do we need a public library? by various
irish fairy tales by william butler yeats
days and dreams by madison j. cawein
my lady of the chimney corner by alexander irvine
the economic functions of vice by john mcelroy
si klegg book 1 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 2 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 3 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 4 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 5 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 6 (of 6) by john mcelroy
why a national literature cannot flourish in the united
journal of a trip to california by the overland route
the poniard's hilt by eug? sue
was general thomas slow at nashville? by henry v. boynton
the frontiersman by h. a. cody
five little starrs in the canadian forest
the bird and insects' post office by robert bloomfield
family limitation by margaret sanger
training the teacher by a. f. schauffler antoinette
naturalism and religion by rudolf otto
logic inductive and deductive by william minto
sketch of a new esthetic of music by ferruccio busoni
the story of old fort loudon by charles egbert craddock
francezka by molly elliot seawell
the house of fulfilment by george madden martin
the plague at marseilles consider'd by richard bradley
wanderings in south america by charles waterton
checkers by henry m. blossom
literary new york by charles hemstreet
the history of the medical department of transylvania
the serapion brethren by ernst theodor wilhelm hoffmann
s?ca by vicente blasco ib?z
atlanta by atlanta chamber of commerce
vocal expression by katherine jewell everts
translation of the new testament from the original greek by t. haweis
marcy the refugee by harry castlemon
prisoners of conscience by amelia edith huddleston barr
christian science by mark twain
the unconstitutionality of slavery by lysander spooner
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi no. 4 august 1908 by various
strangers and wayfarers by sarah orne jewett
ancestors by gertrude atherton
the red symbol by john ironside
almost a woman by mary wood-allen
henry viii and his court by herbert tree
frances of the ranges by amy bell marlowe
second book of verse by eugene field
introduction to the study of comparative religion
the christian view of the old testament by frederick carl eiselen
a guest at the ludlow and other stories by edgar wilson (bill) nye
bible myths and their parallels in other religions by t. w. doane
pretty michal by m??
our battery by orlando p. cutter
the great mississippi flood of 1874 by louis a. wiltz
song-surf by cale young rice
essays on the constitution of the united states by various
in and out of rebel prisons by lieut. a. [alonzo] cooper
idyllic monologues by madison j. cawein
historic tales vol. xiii (of 15) by charles morris
tom burke of ours volume i (of ii) by charles james lever
tom burke of ours volume ii (of ii) by charles james lever
anarchism by e. v. zenker
with the world's great travellers volume 1 by various
the pictures; the betrothing by ludwig lewis tieck
undertones by madison j. cawein
an artist in crime by rodrigues ottolengui
blooms of the berry by madison j. cawein
the next step in religion by roy wood sellars
the land of nome by lanier mckee
the pearl of india by maturin m. ballou
eden by edgar saltus
the story of hiawatha by winston stokes
the portal of dreams by charles neville buck
memoirs of madame vig?lebrun by marie louise elisabeth vig?lebrun
the cathedrals and churches of the rhine by francis miltoun
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
1601 by mark twain
the letters of mark twain vol. 5 1901-1906
artists past and present by elisabeth luther cary
rationalism by john mackinnon robertson
st. peter's umbrella by k??miksz?
the cathedrals of northern spain by charles rudy
graded poetry: third year by various
the birth of the war-god by kalidasa
rhode island artillery at the first battle of bull run
titanic by filson young
'round the yule-log: christmas in norway by peter christen asbj?en
is there a santa claus? by jacob a. riis
miss muffet's christmas party by samuel mcchord crothers
a history of the army experience of william a. canfield
the natural philosophy of william gilbert and his predecessors
modern substitutes for christianity by pearson mcadam muir
the spiritualists and the detectives by allan pinkerton
stone's river by wilson j. vance
island life by alfred russel wallace
a problem in greek ethics by john addington symonds
the motor girls on the coast by margaret penrose
banking by william a. scott
ancient irish poetry by various
a raw recruit's war experiences by ansel d. nickerson
vivisection by albert leffingwell
jimmy kirkland and the plot for a pennant by hugh s. fullerton
the boy scouts in a trapper's camp by thornton w. burgess
josephine by john s. c. abbott
the lay of havelok the dane by unknown
the plants of michigan by henry allan gleason
on the right of the british line by gilbert nobbs
boys of the fort by ralph bonehill
american slave trade by jesse torrey
the daltons volume i (of ii) by charles james lever
the daltons volume ii (of ii) by charles james lever
the wine-ghosts of bremen by wilhelm hauff
fundamental principles of old and new world civilizations
letters from a cat by helen jackson
book repair and restoration by mitchell buck
frontier boys in the south seas by wyn roosevelt
christine by amelia edith huddleston barr
japan by dorothy menpes
the curlytops snowed in by howard r. garis
the patchwork girl of oz by l. frank baum
the adventures of puss in boots jr. by david cory
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 3 by various
the pentecost of calamity by owen wister
the titanic disaster poem by j. h. mckenzie
the crimson gardenia and other tales of adventure by rex beach
elsie in the south by martha finley
belford's magazine vol 2 december 1888 by various
the vision of elijah berl by frank lewis nason
tales of the caravan inn and palace by william hauff
rose macleod by alice brown
when the cock crows by waldron baily
the scrap book. volume 1 no. 2 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 3 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 4 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 5 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 6 by various
rulers of india: lord clive by george bruce malleson
maids wives and bachelors by amelia edith huddleston barr
a treatise on relics by john calvin
the men of the moss-hags by s. r. crockett
an appeal to honour and justice though it be of his worst
garden and forest weekly volume 1 no. 1 february 29 1888
jan vedder's wife by amelia edith huddleston barr
fugitive poetry by nathaniel parker willis
the scrap book volume 1 no. 1 by various
the widow by helen rowland
love letters of henry viii to anne boleyn
rural wealth and welfare by george thompson fairchild
elsie on the hudson by martha finley
in the oregon country by george palmer putnam
venerable philippine duchesne by g. e. m
thomas andrews by shan f. bullock
susanna and sue by kate douglas wiggin
the last cruise of the saginaw by george h. read
children's stories in american literature 1660-1860
under boy scout colors by joseph bushnell ames
eikon basilike by king charles i
the raising and care of guinea pigs by a. c. smith
the works of alexander pope volume 1 by alexander pope
the battle of blenheim by hilaire belloc
poitiers by hilaire belloc
cleek of scotland yard by thomas w. hanshew
the land of long ago by eliza calvert hall
the woodlands orchids by frederick boyle
the brownies: their book by palmer cox
the adventures of the u-202 by e. spiegel
a captive of the roman eagles by felix dahn
the case and exceptions by frederick trevor hill
elsie at viamede by martha finley
the flower princess by abbie farwell brown
the cynic's rules of conduct by chester field jr.
the lion of janina by m??
the story of the trapper by a. c. laut
dissertation on slavery by st. george tucker
poems of progress and new thought pastels by ella wheeler wilcox
helen of troy by andrew lang
the boy scouts in the blue ridge by herbert carter
dickens' stories about children every child can read
a wonder book for girls & boys by nathaniel hawthorne
the standard cantatas by george p. upton
the princess and joe potter by james otis
american red cross text-book on home hygiene and care of
applied physiology by frank overton
the frontier boys in the sierras by wyn roosevelt
malplaquet by hilaire belloc
a frenchman in america by max o'rell
english verse by raymond macdonald alden ph.d
a century of english essays by various
a struggle for rome v. 1 by felix dahn
stories of our naval heroes by various
the history and records of the elephant club
the bankrupt by james parkerson
poetical works by james parkerson
characters from life by james parkerson
seven graded sunday schools by various
the children of the top floor by nina rhoades
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of wells by percy dearmer
notes on a tour through the western part of
historic tales vol 14 (of 15) by charles morris
the dog by dinks mayhew and hutchinson
indian child life by edwin willard deming and therese o. deming
the destroying angel by louis joseph vance
a brief account of radio-activity by francis preston venable
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
practical high school speller by various
dorothy at oak knowe by evelyn raymond
a soldier's trial by charles king
janice day by helen beecher long
greek women by mitchell carroll
the trail of the sandhill stag by ernest seton-thompson
northern diamonds by frank lillie pollock
the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain
methods of authors by hugo erichsen
guy in the jungle by william murray graydon
a struggle for rome vol. 2 (of 3) by felix dahn
voyage of the paper canoe by nathaniel h. bishop
jacko and jumpo kinkytail by howard r. garis
the old soldiers story by james whitcomb riley
maid sally by harriet a. cheever
the garotters by william d. howells
poems of cheer by ella wheeler wilcox
davenport dunn volume 1 (of 2) by charles james lever
punch or the london charivari vol. 25 july-december 1853 by various
the boy scouts in the rockies by herbert carter
with the children on sunday by sylvanus stall
roman women by alfred brittain
lulu's library volume ii by louisa m. alcott
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors & architects
ten girls from history by kate dickinson sweetser
outlines of dairy bacteriology by h. l. russell and e. g. hastings
peerless prestidigitation by herbert de caston
secret diplomatic history of the eighteenth century by karl marx
dickens's children by jessie willcox smith
dick hamilton's fortune by howard r. garis
a struggle for rome v. 3 by felix dahn
old friends and new by sarah orne jewett
two wyoming girls and their homestead claim by carrie l. marshall
favorite fairy tales by various
toby tyler by james otis
the torch bearer by reina melcher marquis
reminiscences by hans mattson
verses 1889-1896 by rudyard kipling
steep trails by john muir
island nights' entertainments by robert louis stevenson
the girls of hillcrest farm by amy bell marlowe
the story of our country by jesse lyman hurlbut
second thoughts are best: or a further improvement of a late
augusta triumphans by daniel defoe
marie antoinette and the downfall of royalty
home pork making by a. w. fulton
the girl from arizona by nina rhoades
a man of the world by annie payson call
three prize essays on american slavery by r. b. thurston
maurice tiernay soldier of fortune by charles james lever
the mountain girl by payne erskine
fidelity by susan glaspell
how to see a play by richard burton
the automobile girls at chicago by laura dent crane
the doctor his wife and the clock by anna katharine green
the mirror of literature amusement & instruction vol. 13
gertrude's marriage by w. heimburg
waldfried by berthold auerbach
japanese girls and women by alice mabel bacon
women of early christianity by alfred brittain and mitchell carroll
molly brown's sophomore days by nell speed
the poetical works of william wordsworth volume iv (of 8)
the boy scouts for uncle sam by john henry goldfrap
the scarlet banner by felix dahn
a supplication for the beggars by simon fish
the wouldbegoods by e. nesbit
stories pictures tell by flora carpenter
food in war time by graham lusk
the intelligence of woman by w. l. george
the introduction of self-registering meteorological
just so stories by rudyard kipling
stories pictures tell by flora carpenter
hernando cortez by john s. c. abbott
endless amusement by unknown
helen grant's schooldays by amanda m. douglas
the golden age by kenneth grahame
notes and queries number 228 march 11 1854 by various
the blind lion of the congo by elliott whitney
the life of william ewart gladstone (vol 2 of 3) by john morley
margaret fuller (marchesa ossoli) by julia ward howe
historia amoris: a history of love ancient and modern by edgar saltus
the maner of the tryumphe of caleys and bulleyn and the
a marriage at sea by w. clark russell
hildegarde's harvest by laura e. richards
keep-well stories for little folks by may farinholt-jones
the curlytops at uncle frank's ranch by howard r. garis
the crime of the century by henry m. hunt
neighbors by jacob a. riis
the newsboy partners by frank v. webster
books and bookmen by ian maclaren
new thought pastels by ella wheeler wilcox
countess kate by charlotte m. yonge
my first summer in the sierra by john muir
the haunters of the silences by charles g. d. roberts
essays in radical empiricism by william james
rambling recollections of chelsea by j. b. ellenor
the club at crow's corner by james otis
dorothy's tour by evelyn raymond
hans andersen's fairy tales by hans christian andersen
hans andersen's fairy tales by hans christian andersen
a novelist on novels by w. l. george
dorothy page by eldridge b. hatcher
little aliens by myra kelly
a woman's wartime journal by dolly sumner lunt
the revolt of the angels by anatole france
earth and sky every child should know by julia ellen rogers
legends of ma-ui--a demi god of polynesia and
what every singer should know by millie ryan
reminiscences 1819-1899 by julia ward howe
dorothy on a house boat by evelyn raymond
the children of the poor by jacob a. riis
the falling flag by edward m. boykin
the diary of a resurrectionist 1811-1812 by james blake bailey
st. nicholas magazine for boys and girls
the child's book of american biography by mary stoyell stimpson
punch or the london charivari volume 93 july 9 1887 by various
the spy by j. fenimore cooper
news from nowhere by william morris
the pilgrims of hope and chants for socialists by william morris
the autobiography of mark rutherford
allan ramsay by william henry oliphant smeaton
essays on the materialistic conception of history by antonio labriola
the minute boys of york town by james otis
the middle years by henry james
some personal reminiscences of service in the cavalry
letter from monsieur de cros... being an answer to
an answer to a scurrilous pamplet [1693] by anonymous
great masters in painting: rembrandt van rijn by malcolm bell
black diamonds by m??
st. paul's epistle to the romans vol. i by charles gore
commodore barney's young spies by james otis
punch or the london charivari volume 93 july 16 1887 by various
the great events by famous historians volume 14 by various
women of medi?l france by pierce butler
makers of canada: index and dictionary of canadian history by various
the romance of the reaper by herbert newton casson
the making of a country parish by harlow spencer mills
the golden age in transylvania by m??
souvenir book of the great chelsea fire april 12 1908 by anonymous
a history of the third french republic by c. h. c. wright
the history of virginia in four parts by robert beverley
the minute boys of boston by james otis
work for women by george j. manson
the english in the west indies by james anthony froude
the heart of a woman by emmuska baroness orczy
sube cane by edward bellamy partridge
bible story by rev. newton marshall hall and rev. irving francis wood
the jerusalem sinner saved; or good news for the vilest men
the silver cross or the carpenter of nazareth by eug? sue
the revival of irish literature by charles gavan duffy
the challenge of the country by george walter fiske
to lhassa at last by powell millington
michelangelo by romain rolland
some specimens of the poetry of the ancient welsh bards by evan evans
here and there in london by j. ewing ritchie
rewards and fairies by rudyard kipling
about london by j. ewing ritchie
the night side of london by j. ewing ritchie
above the battle by romain rolland
blackboard drawing by frederick whitney
legends of florence by charles godfrey leland
durer by m. f. sweetser
three thousand dollars by anna katharine green
letters from a father to his son entering college
punch or the london charivari volume 93 july 23 1887 by various
christopher crayon's recollections by j. ewing ritchie
freehold land societies by j. ewing ritchie
the west indies and the spanish main [1899] by james rodway
holiday house by catherine sinclair
narrative of a journey to the summit of mont blanc
the goddess of atvatabar by william r. bradshaw
a concise history and directory of the city of norwich
geraldine farrar by geraldine farrar
the canadian curler's manual by james bicket
punch or the london charivari volume 93. july 30 1887 by various
cap'n warren's wards by joseph c. lincoln
the discovery of the source of the nile by john hanning speke
the laird o' coul's ghost by anonymous
the sun maid by evelyn raymond
the religious life of london by j. ewing ritchie
international short stories by various
international short stories by various
oscar wilde by edgar saltus
the cruise of the elena by j. ewing ritchie
with ring of shield by knox magee
ten years' captivity in the mahdi's camp 1882-1892 by f. r. wingate
ideas of good and evil by william butler yeats
trilbyana by joseph benson gilder and jeannette leonard gilder
paris by william walton
young wallingford by george randolph chester
the handbook of conundrums by edith b. ordway
women in all ages and in all countries v 1-10 by various
the sacred fount by henry james
the red city by s. weir mitchell
harper's round table april 30 1895 by various
rubaiyat of doc sifers by james whitcomb riley
harper's new monthly magazine volume 4 no. 21. february 1852 various
on snake-poison: its action and its antidote by a. mueller
the american country girl by martha foote crow
camp and trail by stewart edward white
the black arrow by robert louis stevenson
the children of westminster abbey by rose g. kingsley
harper's round table may 7 1895 by various
edge hill by edwin walford
the competitive nephew by montague glass
harper's round table may 14 1895 by various
mothering on perilous by lucy s. furman
revolution and counter-revolution by karl marx
harper's round table may 21 1895 by various
round the world in eighty days by jules verne
the elements of blowpipe analysis by frederick hutton getman
harper's round table may 28 1895 by various
from sea to sea by rudyard kipling
confessions of an opera singer by kathleen howard
student's hand-book of mushrooms of america edible and
harper's new monthly magazine volume 4 no. 22. march 1852 by various
a modern wizard by rodrigues ottolengui
thomas stanley: his original lyrics complete in their
ewing's lady by harry leon wilson
how shakspere came to write the tempest
the youngest girl in the school by evelyn sharp
a daughter of the union by lucy foster madison
our caughnawagas in egypt by louis jackson
the style book of the detroit news by the detroit news
harper's round table june 4 1895 by various
my diary in serbia: april 1 1915-nov. 1 1915 by monica m. stanley
an outline of russian literature by maurice baring
the home university library catalogue 1914/15
edelweiss by berthold auerbach
landolin by berthold auerbach
harper's round table june 11 1895 by various
thomas jefferson by henry childs merwin
carnival by compton mackenzie
the overcoming life by dwight moody
the green god by frederic arnold kummer
english costume by dion clayton calthrop
the carlovingian coins by eug? sue
villani's chronicle by giovanni villani
moody's stories by dwight lyman moody
harper's round table june 18 1895 by various
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
chiquita an american novel by merrill tileston
the bright side of prison life by samuel a. swiggett
punch or the london charivari volume 93 august 20 1887
harper's round table june 25 1895 by various
due north or glimpses of scandinavia and russia by maturin m. ballou
the orphan by clarence e. mulford
bye-ways by robert smythe hichens
the ranidae by unknown
harper's round table july 2 1895 by various
jap herron by emily grant hutchings
the origin of the world according to revelation and
camping & tramping with roosevelt by john burroughs
harper's round table july 9 1895 by various
gabriel tolliver by joel chandler harris
the towns of roman britain by james oliver bevan
clover and blue grass by eliza calvert hall
a short history of french literature by george saintsbury
the blind man's eyes by william macharg and edwin balmer
the indian drum by william macharg and edwin balmer
harper's round table july 16 1895 by various
harper's round table july 23 1895 by various
the arm chair by unknown
applied psychology: driving power of thought by warren hilton
harper's round table july 30 1895 by various
my trip around the world by eleonora hunt
a letter from mr. cibber to mr. pope by colley cibber
sir jasper carew by charles james lever
the admirable bashville by bernard shaw
the duchess of wrexe by hugh walpole
a volunteer with pike by robert ames bennet
harper's round table august 6 1895 by various
the cutting of an agate by william butler yeats
the spanish pioneers by charles f. lummis
years of plenty by ivor brown
ancient and modern ships by george c. v. holmes
the truth about tristrem varick by edgar saltus
harper's round table august 13 1895 by various
junius unmasked by joel moody
souvenir of gay head by j. n. chamberlain
the divorce of catherine of aragon by j.a. froude
corporal 'lige's recruit by james otis
the origin of the family private property and the state
shapes and shadows by madison j. cawein
the iron pincers by eug? sue
harper's round table august 20 1895 by various
harper's round table august 27 1895 by various
thirty by howard vincent o'brien
just around the corner by fannie hurst
a transient guest by edgar saltus
hunted down by harry granice
wild birds in city parks by herbert eugene walter
harper's round table september 3 1895 by various
a collection of gospel hymns in ojibway and english by anonymous
incidents of travel in yucatan vol. i. by john l. stephens
incidents of travel in yucatan vol. ii. by john l. stephens
the spirit of japan by sir rabindranath tagore
klytia by george taylor
harper's round table september 10 1895 by various
harper's round table september 17 1895 by various
the city that was by will irwin
harper's round table september 24 1895 by various
stories about indians by rufus merrill
east angels by constance fenimore woolson
the oriental rug by william d. ellwanger
come out of the kitchen! by alice duer miller
careers of danger and daring by cleveland moffett
harper's round table october 1 1895 by various
the independent statesmen and liberal landlord by james parkerson
a poem to the memory of our late lamented queen caroline
american world policies by walter e. weyl
the telephone by a. e. dolbear
harper's round table october 8 1895 by various
harper's round table october 22 1895 by various
landseer by estelle m. hurll
famous singers of to-day and yesterday by henry c. lahee
harper's round table october 15 1895 by various
the itching palm by william r scott
one day & another by julius madison cawein
a thief in the night by e. w. hornung
the book of this and that by robert lynd
the voice and spiritual education by hiram corson
the holy earth by l. h. bailey
personal recollections of the civil war by james madison stone
harper's round table october 29 1895 by various
fragments of an autobiography by felix moscheles
by right of conquest by arthur hornblow
lessons on manners by edith e. wiggin
john marsh's millions by charles klein and arthur hornblow
the warfare of the soul by shirley c. hughson
was it right to forgive? by amelia edith huddleston barr
d?lein's hand-book of latin synonymes by ludwig d?lein
the women of tomorrow by william hard
the complete club book for women by caroline french benton
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
plashers mead by compton mackenzie
the perfume of eros: a fifth avenue incident by edgar saltus
the laughing cavalier by baroness orczy
the dual alliance by marjorie benton cooke
the frontier boys in the grand canyon by wyn roosevelt
an artilleryman's diary by jenkin lloyd jones
the fun of cooking by caroline french benton
the white queen of okoyong by w.p. livingstone
the white plumes of navarre by samuel rutherford crockett
a top-floor idyl by george van schaick
first fam'lies of the sierras by joaquin miller
the illustrated self-instructor in phrenology and physiology
principles of geology by charles lyell
no moss by harry castlemon
a master hand by richard dallas
history of the spanish conquest of yucatan and of the itzas
shadows of flames by amelie rives
a defence of the hessians by joseph george rosengarten
the call of the world by w. e. doughty
a rebellious heroine by john kendrick bangs
locrine by algernon charles swinburne
the well-beloved by thomas hardy
mammy tittleback and her family by helen jackson
letters of a lunatic by george j. adler
an amateur fireman by james otis
maximina by armando palacio vald?
hempfield by david grayson
tuscan sculpture of the fifteenth century by estelle m. hurll
gala day luncheons by caroline benedict burrell
within prison walls by thomas mott osborne
the day of his youth by alice brown
custom and myth by andrew lang
living up to billy by elizabeth cooper
woman's club work and programs by caroline french benton
maria edgeworth by helen zimmern
the riddle of the night by thomas w. hanshew
the abbatial crosier by eug? sue
the black watch by scout joe cassells
civil war experiences by henry coddington meyer
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 31 1890 by various
the boy pilot of the lakes by frank v. webster
from bull run to appomattox by luther w hopkins
the loves of ambrose by margaret vandercook
pitching in a pinch by christy mathewson
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 7 1890 by various
the great miss driver by anthony hope
five young men by charles reynolds brown
the sword of damocles by anna katharine green
lost man's lane by anna katharine green
the king of arcadia by francis lynde
selections from viri romae by charles fran?s l'homond
british committees commissions and councils of trade and
h. r. by edwin lefevre
the book of buried treasure by ralph d. paine
zigzag journeys in europe by hezekiah butterworth
across the continent by the lincoln highway by effie price gladding
observations on the present state of the affairs
the spoils of poynton by henry james
worrying won't win by montague glass
the welsh and their literature by george borrow
astronomical discovery by herbert hall turner
per amica silentia lunae by william butler yeats
drake's great armada by walter biggs
theodore roosevelt
hunting the grisly and other sketches by theodore roosevelt
weighed and wanting by dwight moody
secret power by dwight l. moody
narrative of mr. john dodge during his captivity at detroit
lafcadio hearn by nina h. kennard
how to tell the birds from the flowers and other wood-cuts
reveries over childhood and youth by william butler yeats
the vagabond in literature by arthur rickett
reminiscences of the thirty-fourth regiment
the unveiling of lhasa by edmund candler
ozma of oz by l. frank baum
the will of samuel appleton by samuel appleton and
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 14 1890 by various
mentone cairo and corfu by constance fenimore woolson
library of the world's best literature
cordwood by edgar wilson (bill) nye
in and out by edgar franklin
avery by elizabeth stuart phelps
a romance in transit by francis lynde
robert louis stevenson by walter raleigh
the little schoolmaster mark by j. h. shorthouse
henry wadsworth longfellow by thomas wentworth higginson
nature's miracles volume 1 by elisha gray
bee and butterfly by lucy foster madison
the ranch girls at rainbow lodge by margaret vandercook
a-birding on a bronco by florence a. merriam
pandora's box by frank wedekind
rambles in womanland by max o'rell
evacuation day 1783 by james riker
a man in the open by roger pocock
the crimson sweater by ralph henry barbour
reminiscences of the great mutiny 1857-59 by william forbes-mitchell
stevensoniana by various
the dangerous classes of new york by charles loring brace
mr. munchausen by john kendrick bangs
american tableaux no. 1 sketches of aboriginal life
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 december 1864 by various
the man of taste by james bramston
cruise of the revenue-steamer corwin in alaska and the
lace curtain cleaning by mrs. albert leigh
the pencil of nature by william henry fox talbot
saint bonaventure by rev. fr. laurence costelloe o.f.m
harper's new monthly magazine vol. i. no. 5 october 1850 by various
a traitor's wooing by headon hill
an address to a wealthy libertine by james parkerson
an elogy to the memory of the late wm. palgrave esq.
the captain of the gray-horse troop by hamlin garland
punch or the london charivari. volume 93. august 27 1887 by various
the social gangster by arthur b. reeve
narrative of a second expedition to the shores of the polar sea
roland cashel by charles james lever
the forge in the forest by charles g. d. roberts
with the world's great travellers volume 2 by various
memoranda on tours touraine and central france by j. h. holdsworth
the broken gate by emerson hough
the auto boys' vacation by james a. braden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 appendix by various
horse-shoe robinson by john pendleton kennedy
under fire for servia by colonel james fiske
the eruption of vesuvius in 1872 by luigi palmieri
village life in china by arthur h. smith
songs of the silent world by elizabeth stuart phelps
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 21 1890 by various
stories that end well by octave thanet
my knitting book by miss lambert
the death-blow to spiritualism by reuben briggs davenport
mechanico-physiological theory of organic evolution
abandoned by jules verne
the nest the white pagoda the suicide a forsaken temple
stories from tagore by rabindranath tagore
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 28 1890 by various
with edge tools by hobart chatfield-taylor
dorothy dale at glenwood school by margaret penrose
camp fire girls behind the lines
the convict's farewell by james parkerson
life on the stage by clara morris
view of the state of europe during the middle ages
the missioner by e. phillips oppenheim
the grey fairy book by andrew lang
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 1 by various
on strike till 3 by grant balfour
at the fall of port arthur by edward stratemeyer
john bull junior by max o'rell
the bachelors by william dana orcutt
the progressionists and angela. by conrad von bolanden
ticknor and company book catalog (1887) by ticknor and company
l'arrabiata and other tales by paul heyse
women as world builders by floyd dell
reply of the philadelphia brigade association to the foolish
drugging a nation by samuel merwin
wait and hope by horatio alger
mary help of christians by various
a rose of a hundred leaves by amelia edith huddleston barr
punch or the london charivari. volume 93 september 10 1887
the master's violin by myrtle reed
tony butler by charles james lever
bride roses by w. d. howells
marguerite de valois by alexandre dumas
pharos the egyptian by guy newell boothby
three young ranchmen by ralph bonehill
the way of the gods by john luther long
pioneering in cuba by james meade adams
the branding needle or the monastery of charolles by eug? sue
a flight in spring by j. harris knowles
battle of fort george by ernest cruikshank
the day of wrath by louis tracy
the inventions of the idiot by john kendrick bangs
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
the autobiography of a monkey by albert bigelow paine
the story of a strange career by anonymous
the great discovery by norman maclean
in the day of adversity by john bloundelle-burton
the shadow of a man by e. w. hornung
dinners and luncheons by paul pierce
the ranch girls' pot of gold by margaret vandercook
cinderella jane by marjorie benton cooke
history of english poetry: an unpublished continuation
a republic without a president and other stories by herbert ward
norine's revenge; sir noel's heir by may agnes fleming
the preliminaries by cornelia a. p. comer
a captured santa claus by thomas nelson page
two prisoners by thomas nelson page
punch or the london charivari volume 93. august 6 1887
mary the help of christians by bonaventure hammer
the king of the golden river or the black brothers by john ruskin
sonnets from the patagonian by donald evans
general catholic devotions by bonaventure hammer
the sources of religious insight by josiah royce
reasonableness of catholic ceremonies and practices by john j. burke
poems of the great war by various
old coloured books by george paston
magnhild dust by bj?tjerne bj?on
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 26 1890 by various
accolon of gaul by madison j. cawein
illustrative anecdotes of the animal kingdom
sandman time by ilsien nathalie gaylord
x y z by anna katharine green
the alternative: a separate nationality or the
the children of the world by paul heyse
the modern woman's rights movement by kaethe schirmacher
olof krarer the esquimaux lady by olof krarer
in paradise by paul heyse
in paradise by paul heyse
the future of road-making in america by archer butler hulbert
yiddish tales by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. september 17 1887
reminiscences of service with the twelfth rhode island
donalblane of darien by j. macdonald oxley
'phiz' (hablot knight browne) a memoir. by fred. g. kitton
rambles in an old city by s. s. madders
creative intelligence by john dewey addison w. moore
the span o' life by william mclennan and jean newton mcilwraith
sketches in verse by james parkerson
pamela censured by anonymous
cuba by arthur d. hall
the march family trilogy complete by william dean howells
the landlord at lion's head vol. 1 by william dean howells
my literary passions by william dean howells
ti-ti-pu by j. macdonald oxley
dialogues on the supersensual life by jacob behmen
the history and antiquities of the doric race vol. 1 of 2
an engagement of convenience by louis zangwill
the kitchen encyclopedia by anonymous
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 4 by various
a treatise on etching by maxime lalanne
in paths of peril by j. macdonald oxley
a short history of england ireland and scotland by mary platt parmele
village life in america 1852-1872 by caroline cowles richards
the elements of botany by asa gray
derby day in the yukon by yukon bill
the key to yesterday by charles neville buck
making money by owen johnson
the adventures of elizabeth in r? by elizabeth von arnim
history of phosphorus by eduard farber
impertinent poems by edmund vance cooke
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 2 july 1893 by various
a yankee from the west by opie read
tom brown at rugby by thomas hughes
the patriot by antonio fogazzaro
majesty by louis couperus
the haunted pajamas by francis perry elliott
a star for a night by elsie janis
readings from latin verse by curtis c. bushnell
rockhaven by charles munn
barbarossa and other tales by paul heyse
pictures of german life in the xvth xvith and xviith
sinister street vol. 2 by compton mackenzie
the blood of the arena by vicente blasco ib?z
the camp fire girls across the seas by margaret vandercook
the mystery of evelin delorme by albert bigelow paine
the wisdom of confucius by epiphanius wilson
the hollow tree and deep woods book by albert bigelow paine
pictures of german life in the xviiith and xixth centuries
an architect's note-book in spain by matthew digby wyatt
the gay adventure by richard bird
abbreviations and signs by frederick w. hamilton
the nightrider's feud by walter c. mcconnell
fur farming by a. r. harding
the new conspiracy by r. c. dallas
the lightning conductor by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the tent dwellers by albert bigelow paine
jessica trent: her life on a ranch by evelyn raymond
provocations by sibyl bristowe
the lost manuscript by gustav freytag
the adventurous simplicissimus being the description of
king of camargue by jean aicard
the casque's lark by eug? sue
dolly's college experiences by mabel cronise jones
at the ghost hour by paul heyse
the romance of the canoness by paul heyse
the land of lost toys by juliana horatia ewing
alec lloyd cowpuncher by eleanor gates
aesop dress'd by bernard mandeville
on the kentucky frontier by james otis
bartholomew sastrow by bartholomew sastrow and albert d. vandam
regina or the sins of the fathers by hermann sudermann
the red mustang by william o. stoddard
the haunted sentry box of porto rico by lewis miller
optical projection by lewis wright and russell s. wright
the little minister by j. m. barrie
1914 and other poems by rupert brooke
into the primitive by robert ames bennet
a briefe discription of new england and the severall townes
the dead lake and other tales by paul heyse
the science of being well by wallace delois wattles
the menace of prohibition by lulu wightman
true detective stories by cleveland moffett
special method in primary reading and oral work with stories
marion darche by f. marion crawford
dick hamilton's cadet days by howard r. garis
not quite eighteen by susan coolidge
the works of guy de maupassant vol. 6 by guy de maupassant
the home life of poe by susan archer weiss
clever hans by oskar pfungst
a voice on the wind by madison julius cawein
how to observe by harriet martineau
the nerve of foley by frank h. spearman
the hollow tree snowed-in by albert bigelow paine
brother francis by eileen douglas
what you can do with your will power by russell h. conwell
remodeled farmhouses by mary h. northend
the cabinet minister by arthur pinero
the reclaimers by margaret hill mccarter
what a young husband ought to know by sylvanus stall
the valiants of virginia by hallie erminie rives
the man who rose again by joseph hocking
the international monthly volume 3 no. 4 july 1851 by various
the raid of the guerilla and other stories
witching hill by e. w. hornung
florida: an ideal cattle state by florida state
candy-making revolutionized by mary elizabeth hall
suppers by paul pierce
miss million's maid by berta ruck
the aboriginal population of alameda and contra costa
godey's lady's book vol. xlii. may 1851 by various
the man from jericho by edwin carlile litsey
comic tragedies by louisa m. alcott
beautiful shells of new zealand by e. g. b. moss
to win the love he sought by e. phillips oppenheim
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 appendix by various
old farm fairies: by henry christopher mccook
where the path breaks by charles de cr?igny
the jonathan papers by elisabeth woodbridge morris
the oedipus trilogy by sophocles
the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne
challenge by louis untermeyer
dick's desertion by marjorie l. c. pickthall
yolanda of cyprus by cale young rice
curious punishments of bygone days by alice morse earle
the postage stamp in war by fred. j. melville
stranded in arcady by francis lynde
the development of rates of postage by a. d. smith
labor and freedom by eugene v. debs
the coast of bohemia by thomas nelson page
unc' edinburg by thomas nelson page
the popes and science by james j. walsh
the bread line by albert bigelow paine
ruth fielding at lighthouse point by alice b. emerson
the cup of comus by madison j. cawein
races and immigration in america by john r. commons
turning and boring by franklin d. jones
raemaekers' cartoon history of the war volume 1 by louis raemaekers
the belov?traitor by frank l. packard
the hillman by e. phillips oppenheim
the story of malta by maturin m. ballou
the elevator by william dean howells
the parlor-car by william dean howells
the register by william dean howells
barchester towers by anthony trollope
bee hunting by john ready lockard
whispering wires by henry leverage
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 3 by various
the settlement of illinois 1778-1830 by arthur clinton boggess
the palace of pleasure by william painter
charles di tocca by cale young rice
when 'bear cat' went dry by charles neville buck
the crime of the boulevard by jules claretie
prisoners of poverty by helen campbell
fifty years a hunter and trapper by eldred nathaniel woodcock
the sentimental adventures of jimmy bulstrode by marie van vorst
catholic churchmen in science by james j. walsh
a brief sketch of the work of matthew fontaine maury
the american nations volume i by constantine samuel rafinesque
the evolution of an empire by mary parmele
the evolution of an empire by mary parmele
the new gresham encyclopedia. vol. 1 part 2 by various
fox trapping by arthur robert harding
on germinal selection as a source of definite variation
myths & legends of the celtic race by thomas william rolleston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 4 by various
stories of the olden time by various
shelley and the marriage question by john todhunter
the ifs of history by joseph edgar chamberlin
the celestial omnibus and other stories by e. m. forster
mink trapping by arthur robert harding
the ship dwellers by albert bigelow paine
science of trapping by elmer harry kreps
lefty locke pitcher-manager by burt l. standish
a divided heart and other stories by paul heyse
idonia: a romance of old london by arthur f. wallis
little women letters from the house of alcott
sister dolorosa and posthumous fame by james lane allen
deadfalls and snares by arthur robert harding
politics of alabama by joseph columbus manning
in jail with charles dickens by alfred trumble
an almanac of twelve sports by rudyard kipling
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 5 by various
farthest north by fridtjof nansen
calavar by robert montgomery bird
familiar letters of john adams and his wife abigail adams
the sarva-darsana-samgraha by madhava acharya
sir james young simpson and chloroform (1811-1870)
the great mogul by louis tracy
a book-lover's holidays in the open by theodore roosevelt
the stokesley secret by charlotte m. yonge
a hunting alphabet by grace clarke newton
the roman poets of the augustan age: virgil by w. y. sellar
a blot on the scutcheon by may wynne
birds illustrated by color photography [january 1898] by various
capricious caroline by e. maria albanesi
zula by h. esselstyn lindley
the formation of christendom volume vii by thomas w. allies
canadian wilds by martin hunter
domestic animals by richard l. allen
the idyl of twin fires by walter prichard eaton
magda by hermann sudermann
the copeland method by vanness copeland
food poisoning by edwin oakes jordan
john knox by wm. m. taylor
the glaciers of the alps by john tyndall
the true benjamin franklin by sydney george fisher
higgins by norman duncan
porzia by cale young rice
the will to doubt by alfred h. lloyd
the girl from tim's place by charles clark munn
some little people by george kringle
the thousand and one nights vol. i. by anonymous
the joy of living (es lebe das leben) by hermann sudermann
cathedral cities of england by george gilbert
a treatise on physiology and hygiene by joseph chrisman hutchison
francis beaumont: dramatist by charles mills gayley
shadowings by lafcadio hearn
life and public services of james a. garfield by emma elizabeth brown
hildegarde's home by laura e. richards
two royal foes by eva madden
library of the world's best literature
her letter his answer & her last letter by bret harte
steel traps by arthur robert harding
from kingdom to colony by mary devereux
a lonely flute by odell shepard
golden numbers by various
for the term of his natural life by marcus clarke
nevermore by rolf boldrewood
chattanooga or lookout mountain and missionary ridge
english as we speak it in ireland by p. w. joyce
vanitas by vernon lee
contemporary american history 1877-1913 by charles a. beard
a chariot of fire by elizabeth stuart phelps
comrades by elizabeth stuart phelps
the supply at saint agatha's by elizabeth stuart phelps
means and ends of education by j. l. spalding
acres of diamonds by russell h. conwell
hunting dogs by oliver hartley
octavia by j. f. lee
the graysons by edward eggleston
the morality of woman and other essays by ellen key
rookie rhymes by the men of the 1st. and 2nd.
barbara ladd by charles g. d. roberts
is polite society polite? by julia ward howe
a mysterious disappearance by gordon holmes
handbook of medical entomology
the sheriff of badger by george b. pattullo
jupiter lights by constance fenimore woolson
the wood fire in no. 3 by f. hopkinson smith
birds illustrated by color photography [february 1898] by various
ross grant tenderfoot by john garland
angela's business by henry sydnor harrison
homo-culture by martin luther holbrook
leonardo da vinci by sigmund freud
the complete story of the galveston horror by various
luxury-gluttony by eug? sue
fighting in cuban waters by edward stratemeyer
avarice-anger: by eug? sue
literature in the making by various
anglo-saxon primer by henry sweet
paul verlaine by stefan zweig
minor poems by rossiter johnson
captain ted by louis pendleton
the numerical strength of the confederate army by randolph h. mckim
monsieur cherami by charles paul de kock
the boy spy by joseph kerby
pride by eug? sue
dave porter in the south seas by edward stratemeyer
a manual of elementary geology by charles lyell
marching on niagara by edward stratemeyer
fires of st. john by hermann sudermann
honor: a play in four acts by hermann sudermann
iolanthe's wedding by hermann sudermann
morituri: three one-act plays by hermann sudermann
roses: four one-act plays by hermann sudermann
the song of songs by hermann sudermann
joseph smith as scientist by john a. widtsoe
held for orders by frank h. spearman
the last cruise of the spitfire by edward stratemeyer
sex-linked inheritance in drosophila by thomas hunt morgan
ephemera critica by john churton collins
fra angelico by jennie ellis keysor
hocus pocus junior: the anatomie of legerdemain by unknown
our domestic birds by john h. robinson
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by various
the iron trevet or jocelyn the champion by eug? sue
cape cod by henry d. thoreau
correspondence between the late commodore stephen decatur
the boy scouts of bob's hill by charles pierce burton
a cry in the wilderness by mary e. waller
a short history of germany by mary platt parmele
the westerners by stewart edward white
fables by robert louis stevenson
the merry men and other tales and fables by robert louis stevenson
dracula by bram stoker
hesiod the homeric hymns and homerica by homer and hesiod
napoleon's marshals by r. p. dunn-pattison
the pace that kills by edgar saltus
phases of an inferior planet by ellen glasgow
the beautiful miss brooke by louis zangwill
the silent mill by hermann sudermann
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
for the allinson honor by harold bindloss
the river's children by ruth mcenery stuart
walt whitman by robert g. ingersoll
the ancient law by ellen glasgow
jack and the check book by john kendrick bangs
johnstone of the border by harold bindloss
the enchanted barn by grace livingston hill
dr. lavendar's people by margaret deland
alas! by rhoda broughton
the troubles of biddy by isabel byrum
norfolk annals by charles mackie
the camp fire girls at the seashore by jane l. stewart
the iron arrow head or the buckler maiden by eug? sue
the secret trails by charles g. d. roberts
the court jester by cornelia baker
red hunters and the animal people by charles a. eastman
how to invest money by george garr henry
a little book of christmas by john kendrick bangs
in camp with a tin soldier by john kendrick bangs
christopher quarles by percy james brebner
the blue jar story book by maria edgeworth
the government of england (vol. i) by a. lawrence lowell
joan of arc by lucy foster madison
materialized apparitions by edward augustus brackett
the boy with the u. s. survey by francis rolt-wheeler
evolution of expression volume 2--revised by charles wesley emerson
mark mason's victory by horatio alger
wolf and coyote trapping by arthur robert harding
the green book by m??
seven legends by gottfried keller
the harvard classics shelf of fiction - german
better meals for less money by mary green
the supposed autographa of john the scot by edward kennard rand
rosalind at red gate by meredith nicholson
a biographical dictionary of freethinkers of all ages and
shelley at oxford by thomas jefferson hogg
milton's england by lucia ames mead
the infidel vol. i. by robert montgomery bird
the infidel vol. ii. by robert montgomery bird
the pilgrim's shell or fergan the quarryman by eug? sue
a synopsis of the american bats of the genus pipistrellus
britain for the british by robert blatchford
strange stories of colonial days by various
john marchmont's legacy volume i (of 3) by mary e. braddon
john marchmont's legacy volume ii (of 3) by mary e. braddon
john marchmont's legacy volume iii (of 3) by mary e. braddon
john marchmont's legacy volumes i-iii by mary e. braddon
furze the cruel by john trevena
dr. rumsey's patient by l. t. mead and dr. halifax
franz joseph haydn by thomas tapper
witch winnie by elizabeth w. champney
over the plum pudding by john kendrick bangs
happiness in purgatory by anonymous
defending the island by james otis
sober by act of parliament by fred a. mckenzie
johann sebastian bach by thomas tapper
life everlasting by john fiske
ginseng and other medicinal plants by arthur robert harding
the pearl story book by various
in love with the czarina and other stories by m??
by violence by john trevena
the life or legend of gaudama by right reverend paul ambroise bigandet
the ego and his own by max stirner
mozart by thomas tapper
the german pioneers by friedrich spielhagen
fugitive slaves by marion gleason mcdougall
mcallister and his double by arthur train
through night to light by friedrich spielhagen
the story of american history by albert f. blaisdell
gammer gurton's garland by joseph ritson
the practical garden-book by c. e. hunn and l. h. bailey
king of the castle by george manville fenn
how to appreciate music by gustav kobb?
geoffrey hampstead by thomas stinson jarvis
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 3 slice 6 by various
woman's work in english fiction by clara helen whitmore
alaska by ella higginson
the gateless barrier by lucas malet
i thou and the other one by amelia edith huddleston barr
selected sermons of jonathan edwards by jonathan edwards
essays on life art and science by samuel butler
poems by the way by william morris
the hand of ethelberta by thomas hardy
the story of norway by hjalmar h. boyesen
the right to ignore the state by herbert spencer
a gentleman player by robert neilson stephens
evolution by frank b. jevons
the breaking of the storm vol. i. by friedrich spielhagen
the breaking of the storm vol ii. by friedrich spielhagen
the breaking of the storm vol. iii. by friedrich spielhagen
petticoat rule by emmuska orczy baroness orczy
willing to die by joseph sheridan le fanu
commodore junk by george manville fenn
the mynns' mystery by george manville fenn
christmas penny readings by george manville fenn
original penny readings by george manville fenn
the vee-boers by mayne reid
the young yagers by mayne reid
lost pond by henry abbott
camping at cherry pond by henry abbott
camps and trails by henry abbott
the baron's sons by m??
red eagle and the wars with the creek indians of alabama
footsteps of fate by louis couperus
the frontier angel by edward s. ellis
intra muros by rebecca ruter springer
english pharisees and french crocodiles by max o'rell
steam engines by anonymous
russian fairy tales by r. nisbet bain
with god in the world by charles h. brent
the man with the double heart by muriel hine
one of my sons by anna katharine green
a short history of english liberalism by walter lyon blease
through nature to god by john fiske
lola by owen davis
max carrados by ernest bramah
true christianity by johann arndt
beethoven by thomas tapper
the ivory gate a new edition by walter besant
the two twilights by henry a. beers
gamblers and gambling by henry ward beecher
problematic characters by friedrich spielhagen
the girls of central high on track and field by gertrude w. morrison
813 by maurice leblanc
fanny by fitz-greene halleck
quisisana by friedrich spielhagen
the story of the atlantic telegraph by henry martyn field
the outlook: uncle sam's place and prospects
child of the sea; and life among the mormons
told by the death's head by m??
stained glass tours in france by charles hitchcock sherrill
paper-cutting machines by niel gray jr.
the boss of wind river by a. m. chisholm
perverted proverbs by harry graham
the song of songs by hermann sudermann
where duty called by victor st. clair
the golden triangle by maurice leblanc
a runaway brig; by james otis
vasco nu?de balboa by frederick albion ober
lectures on the origin and growth of religion as illustrated
the swiss family robinson by jean rudolph wyss
the red miriok by anna m. barnes
my actor-husband by anonymous
notice of runic inscriptions discovered during recent
the scribleriad and the difference between verbal and
the century cook book by mary ronald
the value of money by benjamin m. anderson jr.
she buildeth her house by will comfort
sentimental education vol 1 by gustave flaubert
the sick-a-bed lady by eleanor hallowell abbott
a text-book of astronomy by george c. comstock
the pagan's cup by fergus hume
domestic french cookery 4th ed. by sulpice baru?
the life of napoleon bonaparte by william milligan sloane
the hunchback by james sheridan knowles
the life of george borrow by herbert jenkins
voyages in search of the north-west passage by richard hakluyt
the palace of pleasure by william painter
greek sculpture by estelle m. hurll
the boys of '61 by charles carleton coffin
following the color line by ray stannard baker
moonshine & clover by laurence housman
handicraft for girls by idabelle mcglauflin
my own story by emmeline pankhurst
harvard stories by waldron kintzing post
the ordeal of richard feverel by george meredith
the pursuit by frank mackenzie savile
the conquest of canada (vol. 2 of 2) by george warburton
the boys of old monmouth by everett t. tomlinson
hammer and anvil by friedrich spielhagen
studies in the poetry of italy by oscar kuhns
historic homes by mary h. northend
chats on old furniture by arthur hayden
garden ornaments by mary h. northend
sketch of the first kentucky brigade by george b. hodge
castle hohenwald by adolph streckfuss
beautiful gardens in america by louise shelton
colonial homes and their furnishings by mary h. northend
irish nationality by alice stopford green
on liberty by john stuart mill
works of martin luther by martin luther
the irish on the somme by michael macdonagh
ancient chinese account of the grand canyon or course of
woman in science by john augustine zahm
the lonely house by adolph streckfuss
silver pitchers: and independence by louisa may alcott
a history of pendennis volume 1 by william makepeace thackeray
breaking with the past by francis aidan gasquet
the camp fire girls in after years by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls and their great adventure by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls at home again by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls in europe by margaret vandercook
thomas moore by stephen gwynn
the woman of mystery by maurice leblanc
'9000' by burford delannoy
the blood of rachel by cotton noe
tieck's essay on the boydell shakspere gallery by george henry danton
education: how old the new by james j. walsh
among the meadow people by clara dillingham pierson
brenda her school and her club by helen leah reed
the golden web by anthony partridge
the house of strange secrets by a. eric bayly
king spruce a novel by holman day
quicksands by adolph streckfuss
khaled a tale of arabia by f. marion crawford
boon the mind of the race the wild asses of the devil
irish history and the irish question by goldwin smith
pierre; or the ambiguities by herman melville
among the forest people by clara dillingham pierson
the simple cobler of aggawam in america by nathaniel ward
twentieth century socialism by edmond kelly
a guide for the study of animals by worrallo whitney
the adventures of a freshman by jesse lynch williams
the professor's mystery by wells hastings and brian hooker
canoeing in the wilderness by henry david thoreau
morning and evening prayers for all days of the week by john habermann
too rich by adolph streckfuss
the delafield affair by florence finch kelly
a narrative of the expedition of hernando de soto into
the count of nideck by ralph browning fiske
friction lubrication and the lubricants in horology
among the pond people by clara dillingham pierson
the house in the mist by anna katharine green
vineta by e. werner
concerning belinda by eleanor hoyt brainerd
chopin the story of the boy who made beautiful melodies
among the night people by clara dillingham pierson
a letter to grover cleveland by lysander spooner
half-hours with the idiot by john kendrick bangs
indian stories retold from st. nicholas by various
garrick's pupil by auguston filon
the land of frozen suns by bertrand w. sinclair
success and how he won it by e. werner
lost farm camp by harry herbert knibbs
the actress' daughter by may agnes fleming
napoleon's young neighbor by helen leah reed
the carleton case by ellery h. clark
notes of an itinerant policeman by josiah flynt
johann sebastian bach by johann forkel and charles terry
winter fun by william o. stoddard
the boys of the wireless by frank v. webster
teddy and carrots by james otis
organizing and building up the sunday school by jesse lyman hurlbut
ruthless rhymes for heartless homes by col. d. streamer
a pasteboard crown by clara morris
familiar faces by harry graham
santal folk tales by a. campbell
two years on trek by louis eug? du moulin
the woodpeckers by fannie hardy eckstorm
guide to hotel housekeeping by mary e. palmer
the pocket bible or christian the printer by eug? sue
the sign of flame by e. werner
child's own book of great musicians: schubert by thomas tapper
the boy scouts on the range by lieut. howard payson
his unknown wife by louis tracy
a noble woman by ernest protheroe
ghetto tragedies by israel zangwill
a hero of ticonderoga by rowland e. robinson
the people's idea of god its effect on health
glimpses of king william iv. and queen adelaide by mary clitherow
the road to understanding by eleanor h. porter
the art of english poetry (1708) by edward bysshe
the century of columbus by james j. walsh
no surrender by e. werner
sonnets and songs by helen hay whitney
the color line by william benjamin smith
over here by hector macquarrie
shakespeare's england by william winter
abington abbey by archibald marshall
cruise and captures of the alabama by albert m. goodrich
stories of the nibelungen for young people by various
shakespeare in the theatre by william poel
development of christian doctrine by john henry cardinal newman
comfort found in good old books by george hamlin fitch
saint michael by e. werner
lord tony's wife by baroness emmuska orczy
trenching at gallipoli by john gallishaw
readings in money and banking by chester arthur phillips
portrait and biography of parson brownlow the tennessee
dumas' paris by francis miltoun
frank merriwell's return to yale by burt l. standish
wagner by thomas tapper
the south-west by joseph holt ingraham
literature for children by orton lowe
the martins of cro' martin vol. i (of ii) by charles james lever
the martins of cro' martin vol. ii (of ii) by charles james lever
the solitary farm by fergus hume
a maid of the kentucky hills by edwin carlile litsey
here and hereafter by barry pain
a hero of the pen by e. werner
child's own book of great musicians: handel by thomas tapper
an essay on criticism by john oldmixon
gullible's travels etc. by ring w. lardner
danira by e. werner
the rhesus of euripedes by euripedes
studies in the poetry of italy i. roman by frank justus miller
ben pepper by margaret sidney
the three sapphires by w. a. fraser
a round dozen by susan coolidge
some notes on the bibliography of the philippines
the niagara river by archer butler hulbert
the fatal cord by mayne reid
gwen wynn by mayne reid
the bandolero by mayne reid
what not by rose macaulay
'clear the track' by elisabeth buerstenbinder
who? by elizabeth kent
brother against brother by oliver optic
the courier of the ozarks by byron a. dunn
on canada's frontier by julian ralph
socialism and the social movement in the 19th century
war by pierre loti
the cathedrals of southern france by francis miltoun
afloat in the forest by mayne reid
the guerilla chief by mayne reid
historic handbook of the northern tour by francis parkman
the oyster by a. peer
the setons by o. douglas
the nation behind prison bars by george l. herr
white slavery in the barbary states by charles sumner
sketches in canada and rambles among the red men
a selection from the poems of william morris by william morris
the alpine fay by elisabeth buerstenbinder
serbia: a sketch by helen leah reed
a letter to american workingmen by n. lenin
the streets of ascalon by robert w. chambers
the progress of ethnology by john russell bartlett
oldfield by nancy huston banks
music and other poems by henry van dyke
letters written during a short residence in sweden norway
the awakening of spring by frank wedekind
right off the bat by william f. kirk
the world and its people: book vii by anna b. badlam
that affair at elizabeth by burton e. stevenson
a japanese boy by shigemi shiukichi
handbook of the minneapolis institute of arts
habits that handicap by charles b. towns
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 1 of 3)
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 2 of 3)
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 3 of 3)
the childerbridge mystery by guy boothby
the joyous story of toto by laura e. richards
awd isaac the steeple chase and other poems by john castillo
two years in oregon by wallis nash
hospital sketches by robert swain peabody
a wife's duty by amelia alderson opie
the maroon by mayne reid
louisiana by frances hodgson burnett
the genial idiot by john kendrick bangs
jasper lyle by harriet ward
the cape and the kaffirs by harriet ward
the eichhofs by moritz von reichenbach
the long lane's turning by hallie erminie rives
a manual of the antiquity of man by j. p. maclean
stories of great men by faye huntington
our artist in cuba by george w. carleton
life of heber c. kimball an apostle by orson f. whitney
the sherrods by george barr mccutcheon
the lady evelyn by max pemberton
miss theodora by helen leah reed
marriage by h. g. wells
the love-chase by james sheridan knowles
literature in the elementary school by porter lander macclintock
the international monthly volume 5 no. 4 april 1852 by various
fishing and shooting sketches by grover cleveland
the riverside bulletin march 1910 by anonymous
moral theology by john a. mchugh and charles j. callan
childrens' story of the war volume 3 (of 10) by james edward parrott
betty grier by joseph waugh
curious creatures by anonymous
a song of a single note by amelia edith huddleston barr
jimmie moore of bucktown by melvin earnest trotter
joseph smith the prophet-teacher by b. h. roberts
a short history of italy by henry dwight sedgwick
mad by george manville fenn
friends i have made by george manville fenn
the highlands of ethiopia by william cornwallis harris
the vicar's people by george manville fenn
the dreamers by john kendrick bangs
a wonder book and tanglewood tales by nathaniel hawthorne
the romance of biography (vol 1 of 2) by anna jameson
blanche: by ossip schubin
childrens' story of the war volume 4 (of 10) by james edward parrott
?ile verhaeren by stefan zweig
the master of the inn by robert herrick
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by various
a woman's experience in the great war by louise mack
the revellers by louis tracy
the letters of anne gilchrist and walt whitman
asbe? by ossip schubin
poems & ballads (first series) by algernon charles swinburne
jamaican song and story by walter jekyll
my unknown chum by charles bullard fairbanks
the little vanities of mrs. whittaker by john strange winter
jewish immigration to the united states from 1881 to 1910
the super race: an american problem by scott nearing
lewis carroll in wonderland and at home by belle moses
the storm centre by charles egbert craddock
the amethyst box by anna katherine green
the raid of john brown at harper's ferry as i saw it
a modern buccaneer by rolf boldrewood
the library magazine of select foreign literature by various
above the snow line by clinton thomas dent
mr. claghorn's daughter by hilary trent
the three devils: luther's milton's and goethe's by david masson
article on the census in moscow by leo tolstoy
the pharisee and the publican by john bunyan
essays by abraham cowley
a little book of profitable tales by eugene field
the dodd family abroad vol. i.(of ii) by charles james lever
lost lenore by charles beach
comrades by thomas dixon
our cats and all about them by harrison weir
medea of euripedes by euripedes
gobolinks by ruth mcenery stuart and albert bigelow paine
'o thou my austria!' by ossip schubin
the strange story of harper's ferry by joseph barry
apollonius of tyana the philosopher-reformer of the
sharing her crime by may agnes fleming
the high heart by basil king
key to the science of theology by parley p. pratt
songs of the prairie by robert j. c. stead
makers of modern medicine by james j. walsh
songs and ballads of the southern people by anonymous
the dusantes by frank r. stockton
the go ahead boys on smugglers' island by ross kay
the black eagle mystery by geraldine bonner
the great gold rush by w. h. p. (william henry pope) jarvis
the road to paris by robert neilson stephens
famous men of science by sarah k. bolton
boris lensky by ossip schubin
fine books by alfred w. pollard
three sunsets and other poems by lewis carroll
the pharaoh and the priest by alexander glovatski
the basket woman by mary austin
the girl at central by geraldine bonner
miss maitland private secretary by geraldine bonner
cloud city cook-book by mrs. william h. nash
tales and trails of wakarusa by alexander miller harvey
the golden road by frank waller allen
working women of japan by sidney lewis gulick
a daughter of the vine by gertrude franklin horn atherton
joscelyn cheshire by sara beaumont kennedy
memories of a musical life by william mason
riding recollections 5th ed. by g. j. whyte-melville
the haute noblesse by george manville fenn
the secret of the sands by harry collingwood
the charm of ireland by burton egbert stevenson
countess erika's apprenticeship by ossip schubin
how to be happy though married by edward john hardy
do the dead return? by anonymous
the squatter and the don by c. loyal
la mere bauche by anthony trollope
the great white army by max pemberton
erlach court by ossip schubin
my little boy by carl ewald
cabinet portrait gallery of british worthies by anonymous
a lowden sabbath morn by robert louis stevenson
doctor cupid by rhoda broughton
professor huskins by lettie m. cummings
a voice of warning by parley p. pratt
kim by rudyard kipling
succession in the presidency of the church of jesus christ
the middle period 1817-1858 by john william burgess
the reconstruction of georgia by edwin c. woolley
a rational theology by john a. widtsoe
the clergyman's hand-book of law by charles m. scanlan
laos folk-lore of farther india by katherine neville fleeson
history of the postage stamps of the united states
the casting away of mrs. lecks and mrs. aleshine by frank r. stockton
felix lanzberg's expiation by ossip schubin
socialism and democracy in europe by samuel p. orth
vermont by rowland e. robinson
seeing france with uncle john by anne warner
peculiarities of american cities by willard glazier
in the days of queen victoria by eva march tappan
the nation's peril by anonymous
on the laws of japanese painting by henry p. bowie
the headless horseman by mayne reid
story of my life volumes 1-3 by augustus j. c. hare
the story of a genius by ossip schubin
the daughter pays by mrs. baillie reynolds
voltaire's romances by fran?s-marie arouet
schumann by thomas tapper
a treatise on the brewing of beer by e. hughes
tales from tennyson by molly k. bellew
the woodcraft girls in the city by lillian elizabeth roy
the spell by william dana orcutt
masterman and son by w. j. dawson
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 3 august 1893 by various
three philosophical poets by george santayana
the treasure of the tigris by a. f. mockler ferryman
home fires in france by dorothy canfield
fast as the wind by nat gould
the prophet of the great smoky mountains by charles egbert craddock
osceola the seminole by mayne reid
a philosophical dictionary volume 1 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 2 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 5 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 6 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 7 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 8 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 10 (of 10) by voltaire
with the world's great travellers volume 3 by various
the sword of honor volumes 1 & 2 by eug? sue
the word hoosier by jacob piatt dunn;
leonora by maria edgeworth
memoirs of napoleon bonaparte complete
the bible in spain by george borrow
the taming of the jungle by dr. c. w. doyle
the cavaliers of virginia vol. 1 of 2 by william a. caruthers
the canadian portrait gallery - volume 3 (of 4) by john charles dent
mayne reid by elizabeth reid
the lost mountain by mayne reid
a treatise on the police of the metropolis by patrick colquhoun
voyages from montreal through the continent of north america
voyages from montreal through the continent of north america
mysterious mr. sabin by e. phillips oppenheim
punch or the london charivari volume 105 july 8th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 105 july 15th 1893 by various
no quarter! by mayne reid
the bible in spain - vol. 2 [of 2] by george borrow
one year abroad by blanche willis howard
chapters of bible study by herman j. heuser
at large by e. w. hornung
mississippi outlaws and the detectives by allan pinkerton
history of american socialisms by john humphrey noyes
alice in wonderland by alice gerstenberg
anti-suffrage essays by various
the late tenant by louis tracy
the allied countries and the jews by hyman gerson enelow
what i know of farming: by horace greeley
the white gauntlet by mayne reid
all the days of my life: an autobiography
wake-robin by john burroughs
punch 1893.07.29 by various
how she felt in her first corset and other poems by matt. w. alderson
shakespeare and music by christopher wilson
13 days by john alan lyde caunter
the wound dresser by walt whitman
her infinite variety by brand whitlock
motor boat boys on the st. lawrence by louis arundel
leigh hunt's relations with byron shelley and keats
punchor the london charivari volume 105 july 22nd 1893
the gnostic crucifixion by g. r. s. mead
life and death by henryk sienkiewicz
the little treasure of prayers by anonymous
the chronicle of the discovery and conquest of guinea
the game and the candle by eleanor m. ingram
american leaders and heroes by wilbur fisk gordy
the gradual acceptance of the copernican theory
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 5 by various
the knight of gwynne vol. i (of ii) by charles james lever
the knight of gwynne vol. ii (of ii) by charles james lever
marriage and divorce laws of the world by hyacinthe ringrose
the man who pleases and the woman who charms by john a. cone
discovery of america by the northmen 985-1015
the chronicle of the discovery and conquest of guinea
lily pearl and the mistress of rosedale by ida glenwood
joseph bonaparte by john s. c. abbott
when the ku klux rode by eyre damer
the way of the strong by ridgwell cullum
governor winthrop's return to boston by g. washington warren
plain mary smith by henry wallace phillips
a fantasy of far japan by baron kencho suyematsu
rose of dutcher's coolly by hamlin garland
non-combatants and others by rose macaulay
the boy scouts of the air in indian land by gordon stuart
matelda and the cloister of hellfde by matilda of magdeburg
granny's wonderful chair by frances browne
leo the circus boy by ralph bonehill
the secret of the reef by harold bindloss
all about the klondyke gold mines by j. armoy knox and j. g. pratt
the outdoor chums on a houseboat by quincy allen
the dust of conflict by harold bindloss
the bail jumper by robert j. c. stead
the private life of napoleon bonaparte complete
essays vol. 1 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the last laird of macnab by various
ekkehard. vol. i (of ii) by joseph victor scheffel
ekkehard. vol. ii (of ii) by joseph victor scheffel
an old story of my farming days vol. i (of iii) by fritz reuter
an old story of my farming days vol. ii (of iii) by fritz reuter
an old story of my farming days vol. iii (of iii) by fritz reuter
in the year '13 by fritz reuter
studies in the out-lying fields of psychic science by hudson tuttle
the motor maids by rose shamrock and thistle by katherine stokes
aunt jane's nieces on the ranch by edith van dyne
congressional government by woodrow wilson
charles lever his life in his letters vol. i (of ii)
i conquered by harold titus
letter to the right honourable lord viscount melbourne on
henry martyn saint and scholar by george smith
reflections on war and death by sigmund freud
war inconsistent with the religion of jesus christ by david low dodge
notes and letters on the natural history of norfolk by thomas browne
seed-time and harvest by fritz reuter
letters on the improvement of the mind by hester chapone
humours of irish life by various
the gospel of buddha by paul carus
the great captain by katharine tynan hinkson
the philippines a century hence by jose rizal
heriot's choice by rosa nouchette carey
final proof by r. ottolengui
jovinian by w.h.g. kingston
odd people by mayne reid
the finger of fate by mayne reid
the child wife by mayne reid
american indians by frederick starr
the sea lady by herbert george wells
louisville ky. after the cyclone by e. klauber
the girl from alsace by burton egbert stevenson
bevis by richard jefferies
inquiry into the origin and course of political parties
a month in yorkshire by walter white
life letters and work of frederic leighton by mrs. russell barrington
life letters and work of frederic leighton by mrs. russell barrington
are the planets inhabited? by e. walter maunder
the siege of the seven suitors by meredith nicholson
that unfortunate marriage vol. 1(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
that unfortunate marriage vol. 2(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
that unfortunate marriage vol. 3(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
lives of poor boys who became famous by sarah k. bolton
the sun dance of the blackfoot indians by clark wissler
a northern countryside by rosalind richards
a review of edwards's by henry tappan
the widow's vow by elizabeth inchbald
the lure of the camera by charles s. olcott
the go ahead boys and the mysterious old house by ross kay
abroad at home by julian street
loveliness by elizabeth stuart phelps
corianton by b. h. roberts
letters of abelard and heloise by pierre bayle
from the easy chair series 2 by george william curtis
amy in acadia by helen leah reed
browning and the dramatic monologue by s. s. curry
the story of lewis carroll by isa bowman
heroines that every child should know by various
william blake by algernon charles swinburne
the dawn patrol and other poems of an aviator by paul bewsher
the jungle book by rudyard kipling
the boy scouts under fire in mexico by lieut. howard payton
the pullman boycott by w. f. burns
my treasure by thomas w. handford
a book written by the spirits of the so-called dead
at boarding school with the tucker twins by nell speed
e.p. roe: reminiscences of his life by mary a. roe
north america by israel c. russell
from pillar to post by john kendrick bangs
royal highness by thomas mann
a speckled bird by augusta j. evans
overshadowed by sutton e. griggs
st. nicholas vol. xiii september 1886 no. 11 by various
the essays of montaigne complete by michel de montaigne
george sand by justin m'carthy
corse de leon volume i (of 2) by g. p. r. james
white otter by elmer russell gregor
vacation with the tucker twins by nell speed
the red debt by everett macdonald
colors of life by max eastman
farm gardening with hints on cheap manuring by anonymous
poems of james mcintyre by james mcintyre
explorers and travellers by adolphus w. greely
hesperus or forty-five dog-post-days vol. i.
the poll for an assistant minister for the parish
literary byways by william andrews
love and hatred by marie belloc lowndes
luther's small catechism by h. u. sverdrup
white house china of the lincoln administration in the
the lady of the mount by frederic s. isham
cities of the dawn by j. ewing ritchie
hesperus or forty-five dog-post-days vol. ii
back at school with the tucker twins by nell speed
from the easy chair series 3 by george william curtis
tennyson's life and poetry by eugene parsons
a cadet's honor by upton sinclair
on guard by upton sinclair
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
hope benham by nora perry
odd bits of travel with brush and camera by charles m. taylor jr.
prophets of dissent by otto heller
christian sects in the nineteenth century
peccavi by e. w. hornung
essays by david hume
the snow-burner by henry oyen
the international monthly volume 4 no. 1 august 1851 by various
a journey to ohio in 1810 by margaret van horn dwight
grand teton [wyoming] national park
the international monthly volume 3 no. 3 june 1851 by various
the parent's assistant by maria edgeworth
brenda's ward by helen leah reed
bat wing bowles by dane coolidge
yankee ships and yankee sailors: tales of 1812 by james barnes
the preface to the aeneis of virgil (1718) by joseph trapp
poppy by cynthia stockley
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 5th 1893 by various
miscellanous pieces by john bunyan
john bull on the guadalquivir by anthony trollope
the o'conors of castle conor by anthony trollope
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 12th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 19th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 26th 1893 by various
the mapleson memoirs vol i by james h. mapleson
the mapleson memoirs vol ii by james h. mapleson
no treason vol. vi. by lysander spooner
dr. john mcloughlin the father of oregon
george gem?r's progress in violin making by george gem?r
hoosier mosaics by maurice thompson
songs and satires by edgar lee masters
hoosier lyrics by eugene field
franklin's autobiography by benjamin franklin
memorial day and other verse by helen leah reed
amy herbert by elizabeth sewell
daisy burns (volume 1) by julia kavanagh
daisy burns (volume 2) by julia kavanagh
a letter of credit by susan warner
rachel gray by julia kavanagh
a letter to thomas f. bayard by lysander spooner
living for the best by james g. k. mcclure
mirror of the months by peter george patmore
rosemary and rue by amber
the son of his father by ridgwell cullum
a rambler's lease by bradford torrey
french classics by william cleaver wilkinson
the rover boys on a tour by arthur m. winfield
the whale house of the chilkat by george t. emmons
the sandman: his farm stories by william j. hopkins
punch or the london charivari volume 93 october 15th 1887
the judicial murder of mary e. surratt by david miller dewitt
in search of a son by william shepard walsh
the balkan wars by jacob gould schurman
the viceroys of ireland by charles o'mahony
dr. hardhack's prescription by katharine mcdowell rice
boston neighbours in town and out by agnes blake poor
our calendar by george nichols packer
the mystery of the barranca by herman whitaker
francis drake and the california indians 1579 by robert f. heizer
'neath the hoof of the tartar by mikl??a
norfolk annals by charles mackie
men women and guns by herman cyril mcneile
virginia a tragedy by marion forster gilmore
famous prima donnas by lewis clinton strang
studies in zechariah by arno c. gaebelein
sawdust & spangles by w. c. coup
my little sister by elizabeth robins
spinning-wheel stories by louisa may alcott
the boy with wings by berta ruck
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 8 by various
the camp fire girls' careers by margaret vandercook
molly brown's post-graduate days by nell speed
the shooting of dan mcgrew a novel by marvin dana
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
the mystery of the locks by edgar watson howe
the mantle and other stories by nicholas gogol
the duke's children by anthony trollope
honore de balzac by albert keim and louis lumet
life of bunyan by james hamilton
the kingdom of love and other poems by ella wheeler wilcox
the real gladstone by j. ewing ritchie
narrative of a voyage to the west indies and mexico
latitude 19 degree by mrs. schuyler crowninshield
history of literary criticism in the renaissance
told in the hills by marah ellis ryan
the red mouse by william hamilton osborne
among the canadian alps by lawrence j. burpee
the corner house girls on a tour by grace brooks hill
the corner house girls' odd find by grace brooks hill
the inflexible captive by hannah more
the fatal falsehood by hannah more
the bible: what it is by charles bradlaugh
when were our gospels written? by charles bradlaugh
the gospel of evolution by edward aveling
nature and the gods by arthur b. moss
some objections to socialism by charles bradlaugh
the automobile girls at newport by laura dent crane
letters of the motor girl by ethellyn gardner
donald mcelroy scotch irishman by willie walker caldwell
the tobacco tiller by sarah bell hackley
dawson black: retail merchant by harold whitehead
our revolution by leon trotzky
the ghetto by herman heijermans
the water-babies by charles kingsley
the problem of 'edwin drood' by w. robertson nicoll
witchcraft of new england explained by modern spiritualism
witch winnie's mystery or the old oak cabinet
the motor maids by palm and pine by katherine stokes
misrepresentative men by harry graham
two boys of the battleship by frank v. webster
lost in the jungle by paul du chaillu
marjorie dean high school senior by pauline lester
an examination into and an elucidation of the great
the old blood by frederick palmer
the secret of lonesome cove by samuel hopkins adams
gabriel conroy by bert harte
boscobel by thomas blount
what to do? by leo tolstoy
on the significance of science and art by leo tolstoy
poor miss finch by wilkie collins
the garden of allah by robert hichens
the universe a vast electric organism by george woodward warder
the mentor: the weather by charles fitzhugh talman
our artist in cuba peru spain and algiers by george w. carleton
the invisible lodge by jean paul
the salamander by owen johnson
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
a diplomatic woman by huan mee
zoe; or some day by may leonard
dangerous ground by lawrence l. lynch
the wye and its associations by leitch ritchie
if any man sin by h. a. cody
the bishop and the boogerman by joel chandler harris
type by a. a. stewart
fifty years in the northwest by william henry carman folsom
dave porter on cave island by edward stratemeyer
the squire's daughter by silas kitto hocking
tales from the fjeld by p. chr. asbj?en
the mythologies of ancient mexico and peru by lewis spence
colonial expeditions to the interior of california
airship andy by frank v. webster
the meadow-brook girls across country by janet aldridge
the best policy by elliott flower
ruth fielding in the red cross by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding in the saddle by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding at sunrise farm by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding at silver ranch by alice b. emerson
the country of the pointed firs by sarah orne jewett
harry watson's high school days by frank v. webster
the story of bacon's rebellion by mary newton stanard
ten years near the german frontier by maurice francis egan
the pictorial press by mason jackson
the white hecatomb by william charles scully
between sun and sand by william charles scully
by veldt and kopje by william charles scully
lodges in the wilderness by william charles scully
jesus fulfils the law by one of the society of friends
the soul of susan yellam by horace annesley vachell
randy's summer by amy brooks
wonderland; or alaska and the inside passage
the friars in the philippines by ambrose coleman
the story of an untold love by paul leicester ford
the dwelling place of light vol. 1 by american novelist
king of the air by herbert strang
studies in old testament history by jesse l. hurlbut
the nineteenth century apostle of the little ones by e. uhlrich
psychotherapy by james j. walsh
glacier national park [montana] by united states dept. of the interior
a butterfly on the wheel by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
riches of grace by e. e. byrum
the red year by louis tracy
a history of germany by bayard taylor
the camp fire girls on the open road by hildegard g. frey
the city of the mormons by henry caswall
modern society by julia ward howe
a reconstructed marriage by amelia edith huddleston barr
the toy shop (1735); the king and the miller of
joan thursday by louis joseph vance
a man's hearth by eleanor m. ingram
commercialized prostitution in new york city
mary wollstonecraft's original stories by mary wollstonecraft
eight harvard poets by e. estlin cummings s. foster damon
the higher court by mary stewart daggett
the weight of the crown by fred m. white
second edition of a discovery concerning ghosts by george cruikshank
our army at the front by heywood broun
the trail of the axe by ridgwell cullum
nobody's child by elizabeth dejeans
bastien lepage by fr. crastre
playing with fire by amelia edith huddleston barr
alfred tennyson by andrew lang
american occupation of the philippines 1898-1912 by james h. blount
pope: his descent and family connections by joseph hunter
the seven follies of science [2nd ed.] by john phin
a noble name by claire von gl?
the brute by frederic arnold kummer
education in england in the middle ages by albert william parry
chaucer and his times by grace e. hadow
guide to the kindergarten and intermediate class and moral
the complete works of josh billings by henry w. shaw
how to get strong and how to stay so by william blaikie
legends of the kaw by carrie de voe
the international monthly volume 4 no. 3 october 1851
the welsh pony by olive tilford dargan
the roycroft dictionary by elbert hubbard
a catalogue of books published by methuen and company
the heiress by john burgoyne
teaching the child patriotism by kate upson clarke
hania by henryk sienkiewicz
bahaism and its claims by samuel graham wilson
a true relation of the apparition of one mrs. veal by daniel defoe
the red derelict by bertram mitford
marital power exemplified in mrs. packard's trial
the fire trumpet by bertram mitford
fordham's feud by bertram mitford
stranger than fiction by mary l. lewes
golden face by bertram mitford
the golden rock by ernest glanville
a vendetta of the desert by william charles scully
tales from the veld by ernest glanville
the yellow chief by mayne reid
the white squaw by mayne reid
the sirdar's oath by bertram mitford
the immortal lure by cale young rice
the influence of the bible on civilisation by ernst von dobschutz
bible stories and pictures by anonymous
the kentuckian in new-york volume i (of 2)
carry on! by virna sheard
dorrien of cranston by bertram mitford
the cup of trembling and other stories by mary hallock foote
reasons against the succession of the house of hanover
hope hathaway by frances parker
lest we forget by john gilbert thompson and inez bigwood
a night in avignon by cale young rice
a key to lord tennyson's 'in memoriam' by alfred gatty
a book of ghosts by sabine baring-gould
the girl from keller's by harold bindloss
maurine by ella wheeler wilcox
eli's children by george manville fenn
a tour throughout south wales and monmouthshire by j. t. barber
the coward by henry morford
louisiana beef cattle by william carter stubbs
cruisings in the cascades by george o. shields
pleasure & profit in bible study by dwight moody
a seasonable warning and caution against the insinuations of
the log of a sea-waif by frank t. bullen
tales from the old french by various
magic by ellis stanton
journal of countess fran?se krasinska
the palm tree blessing by w. e. shepard
john leech his life and work. vol. 1 by william powell frith
goops and how to be them by gelett burgess
the sins of the father by thomas dixon
a discourse on the evils of dancing by john f. mesick
polish fairy tales by a. j. glinski
knitting crochet and netting with twelve illustrations
sea monsters unmasked and sea fables explained by henry lee
the puddleford papers by h. h. riley
an answer to a question that nobody thinks of viz. but
fore! by charles emmett van loan
days and nights in london by j. ewing ritchie
molly brown's freshman days by nell speed
anarchism by paul eltzbacher
the whole armour of god by john henry jowett
the lay-man's sermon upon the late storm by daniel defoe
right living as a fine art by newell dwight hillis
history of the discovery of the northwest by john
graceful riding by s. c. waite
by right of purchase by harold bindloss
yekl by abraham cahan
molly brown's junior days by nell speed
recollections of a varied life by george cary eggleston
house of torment by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
one maid's mischief by george manville fenn
dutch the diver by george manville fenn
on the cross by wilhelmine von hillern
america first by frances nimmo greene
occultism and common-sense by beckles willson
the browning cyclopaedia by edward berdoe
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 1 by various
molly brown of kentucky by nell speed
the book of the duke of true lovers by christin?e pisan
peggy owen patriot by lucy foster madison
astronomy with an opera-glass by garrett putman serviss
peggy owen at yorktown by lucy foster madison
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 1 june 1893 by various
the mountains of oregon by william gladstone steel
ruth fielding down in dixie by alice b. emerson
st. nicholas v. 13 no. 9 july 1886 by various
capturing a locomotive by william pittenger
the cavaliers of virginia by william a. caruthers
the child's picture book by anonymous
romantic story of the mayflower pilgrims
religion and the war by various
cynthia wakeham's money by anna katharine green
stevenson's shrine by laura stubbs
in the track of the bookworm by irving browne
the further adventures of o'neill in holland by j. irwin brown
the cradle of the christ by octavius brooks frothingham
and what if the pretender should come? by daniel defoe
phantoms of the foot-bridge and other stories
the teacher by george herbert palmer and alice freeman palmer
more misrepresentative men by harry graham
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 4 september 1893 by various
treading the narrow way by r. e. barrett
a book about the theater by brander matthews
myth ritual and religion vol. 2 (of 2) by andrew lang
the league of the leopard by harold bindloss
crying for the light vol. 1 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
crying for the light vol. 2 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
crying for the light vol. 3 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
the hour will come: volumes i and ii by wilhelmine von hillern
rome by mildred anna rosalie tuker and hope malleson
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
marjorie dean high school junior by pauline lester
the vulture maiden by wilhelmine von hillern
throckmorton by molly elliot seawell
the badger by alfred e. pease
conscript 2989 by irving crump
the camp fire girls at onoway house by hildegard g. frey
the men who wrought by ridgwell cullum
camp fires of the wolf patrol by alan douglas
the chronicles of clovis by saki
the making of an apostle by r. j. campbell
mundus foppensis by john evelyn
the issue by lector
the works of daniel webster volume 1 by daniel webster
in new england fields and woods by rowland e. robinson
blue robin the girl pioneer by rena i. halsey
george eliot by mathilde blind
lancelot of the laik by walter william skeat
think by col. wm. c. hunter
the story of antony grace by george manville fenn
the prophet ezekiel by arno c. gaebelein
the blockade of phalsburg by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
invasion of france in 1814 by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
the pl?scite by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
school reading by grades by james baldwin
responsibilities by william butler yeats
the real man by francis lynde
cotton its progress from the field to the needle by anonymous
making a rose garden by henry h. saylor
a fluttered dovecote by george manville fenn
a girl in spring-time by jessie mansergh
midnight webs by george manville fenn
helena's path by anthony hope
rambles by land and water by b. m. norman
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 5 october 1893 by various
the story of nefrekepta by gilbert murray
william the third by h. d. traill
benjamin franklin; self-revealed volume i (of 2) wiliam cabell bruce
benjamin franklin; self-revealed volume ii (of 2) wiliam cabell bruce
increasing personal efficiency by russell h. conwell
in wild rose time by amanda m. douglas
the hero in man by a.e.
his lady of the sonnets by robert w. norwood
the piper and the reed by robert norwood
the story of fifty-seven cents and others by robert shackleton
the heart's country by mary heaton vorse
antarctic penguins by george murray levick
pawnee hero stories and folk-tales by george bird grinnell
indian and other tales by m. l. hope
man's redemption of man by william osler
in the days of the guild by louise lamprey
lectures on ventilation by lewis w. leeds
judith trachtenberg by karl emil franzos
a century of roundels by algernon charles swinburne
the task and other poems by william cowper
miss sarah jack of spanish town jamaica by anthony trollope
twenty quick soups by sarah tyson heston rorer
a tatter of scarlet by s. r. crockett
biography of rev. hosea ballou by maturin m. ballou
the gamekeeper at home by richard jefferies
wild life in a southern county by richard jefferies
addresses & papers / collectanea by peter eade
every man his own university by russell h. conwell
heroes of israel by theodore gerald soares
a child of the jago by arthur morrison
the girl from his town by marie van vorst
my attainment of the pole by frederick a. cook
equatorial america by maturin m. ballou
the motion picture chums at seaside park by victor appleton
harriet martineau by florence fenwick miller
the story of the toys by mary harris toy dodge
the women of the confederacy by j. l. underwood
old trails on the niagara frontier by frank h. severance
the life of mr. richard savage by anonymous
the ghosts of their ancestors by weymer jay mills
every man for himself by norman duncan
tessa wadsworth's discipline by jennie m. drinkwater
three accounts of peterloo by edward stanley
fire cloud by samuel fletcher
butterflies worth knowing by clarence m. weed
get-rich-quick wallingford by george randolph chester
carolyn of the corners by ruth belmore endicott
elements of morals by paul janet
the comforts of home by ralph bergengren
the girls of central high by gertrude w. morrison
four afloat by ralph henry barbour
getting at the inner man/fifty years on the lecture platform
with fire and sword by henryk sienkiewicz
americanisms and briticisms by brander matthews
revised and illustrated treatise on grain stacking
journal of dr. elias cornelius a revolutionary surgeon
the key to success by russell h. conwell
stories of the railroad by john a. hill
the courtship of susan bell by anthony trollope
a naturalist's voyage round the world by charles darwin
jill's red bag by amy le feuvre
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 june 1865 by various
greene ferne farm by richard jefferies
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of lichfield by a. b. clifton
baseball joe of the silver stars by lester chadwick
the thousandth woman by ernest w. hornung
successward by edward w. bok
a brief handbook of english authors by oscar fay adams
neghborly poems and dialect sketches by james whitcomb riley
world's end by richard jefferies
in strange company by guy boothby
the dales of arcady by dorothy una ratcliffe
the demands of rome by elizabeth schoffen
little women by louisa m. alcott
frontier folk by george booth
life in the confederate army by arthur peronneau ford
the sixty-first second by owen johnson
concerning sally by william john hopkins
charles dickens' children stories by charles dickens
hunting in many lands by various
an unprotected female at the pyramids by anthony trollope
relics of general chasse by anthony trollope
the chateau of prince polignac by anthony trollope
aaron trow by anthony trollope
mrs. general talboys by anthony trollope
the parson's daughter of oxney colne by anthony trollope
george walker at suez by anthony trollope
the mistletoe bough by anthony trollope
a proposal under difficulties by john kendrick bangs
why i am in favor of socialism by various
how to care for the insane by william d. granger
the other fellow by f. hopkinson smith
fritz to the front by edward l. wheeler
habits haunts and anecdotes of the moose and
a maid of many moods by virna sheard
songs of heroic days by thomas o'hagan
canada my land by w. m. mackeracher
res judicat?by augustine birrell
the sixth sense by stephen mckenna
woodcraft by alan douglas
the boy aviators' flight for a fortune by wilbur lawton
ludvig holberg the founder of norwegian literature and
cecil castlemaine's gage lady marabout's troubles and
colorado--the bright romance of american history by f. c. grable
the adventures of a widow by edgar fawcett
plish and plum by wilhelm busch
the return of the soldier by rebecca west
the main chance by meredith nicholson
john greenleaf whittier by w. sloane kennedy
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of manchester
problems in periclean buildings by g. w. elderkin
the deluge vol. i. (of 2) by henryk sienkiewicz
telepathy and the subliminal self by r. osgood mason
winona of the camp fire by margaret widdemer
the wayfarers by mary stewart cutting
castles and chateaux of old touraine and the loire country
the argus pheasant by john charles beecham
olinda's adventures: or the amours of a young lady by anonymous
little susy's little servants by e. prentiss
the biological problem of to-day by oscar hertwig
insanity by henry putnam stearns
the moors in spain by stanley lane-poole
the galley slave's ring by eug? sue
english lands letters and kings by donald g. mitchell
great britain's sea policy by gilbert murray
frauds and follies of the fathers by joseph mazzini wheeler
my path to atheism by annie besant
the tigress by anne warner
stories about famous precious stones by mrs. goddard orpen
returning home by anthony trollope
a ride across palestine by anthony trollope
the house of heine brothers in munich by anthony trollope
the new-york weekly magazine by various
stories and pictures by isaac loeb peretz
jane oglander by marie belloc lowndes
kitty's conquest by charles king
why i am opposed to socialism by various
the city of numbered days by francis lynde
caybigan by james hopper
in touch with nature by gordon stables
jack buntline by w. h. g. kingston
the claw by cynthia stockley
wild honey by cynthia stockley
the outspan by percy fitzpatrick
the bigamist by f. e. mills young
coelebs by f. e. mills young
yankee girls in zulu land by louise vescelius-sheldon
an i.d.b. in south africa by louise vescelius-sheldon
hot corn: life scenes in new york illustrated by solon robinson
the triumph of jill by f. e. mills young
stage-coach and tavern days by alice morse earle
a journal of the expedition to carthagena by anonymous
chaucer and his england by g. g. coulton
fly fishing in wonderland by klahowya
little folks of north america by mary hazelton wade
how to write music by clement a. harris
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 5 by various
dickens as an educator by james laughlin hughes
the works of honor?e balzac by honor?e balzac
tales from j? by m??
abraham lincoln's religion by madison clinton peters
susan clegg and her love affairs by anne warner
the heroes of the school by allen chapman
thoughts for the quiet hour by various
the divine adventure volume iv by fiona macleod
samboe; or the african boy by mary ann hedge
garcia the centenarian and his times by m. sterling mackinley
talks to freshman girls by helen dawes brown
the girls of central high on the stage by gertrude w. morrison
those dale girls by frank weston carruth
blue grass seminary girls' vacation adventures
the deluge vol. ii. (of 2) by henryk sienkiewicz
the blue grass seminary girls on the water by carolyn judson burnett
the standard galleries - holland by esther singleton
tiny luttrell by ernest william hornung
music-study in germany by amy fay
poems on golf by edinburgh burgess golfing society
harry milvaine by gordon stables
o'er many lands on many seas by gordon stables
medical life in the navy by gordon stables
the domestic cat by gordon stables
aileen aroon a memoir by gordon stables
a little princess by frances hodgson burnett
brenda's bargain by helen leah reed
my lord duke by e. w. hornung
the crime doctor by ernest william hornung
'midst the wild carpathians by m??
mortmain by arthur cheny train
lighter moments from the notebook of bishop walsham how
stories of great musicians by kathrine lois scobey
sex = love by edward carpenter
annie o' the banks o' dee by gordon stables
object: matrimony by montague glass
pan michael by henryk sienkiewicz
making up with mr. dog by albert bigelow paine
the second jungle book by rudyard kipling
sonnets and other verse by w. m. mackeracher
the right to privacy by samuel d. warren and louis d. brandeis
the relations of science and religion by henry calderwood
the triumph of music by madison julius cawein
indian scout talks by charles a. eastman
the true story of my parliamentary struggle by charles bradlaugh
notes and queries number 84 june 7 1851 by various
the student's mythology by catherine ann white
the argentine republic by anonymous
cultus arborum by anonymous
letters to severall persons of honour by john donne
tobacco leaves by w. a. brennan
chlorination of water by joseph race
my memoirs by marguerite steinheil
the executioner's knife by eug? sue
fantastic fables by ambrose bierce
worldly ways and byways by eliot gregory
a maid at king alfred's court by lucy foster madison
on the field of glory by henryk sienkiewicz
william blake by irene langridge
louis xiv and la grande mademoiselle by arvede barine
a primer of assyriology by archibald henry sayce
the duke decides by headon hill
trumpeter fred by charles king
palm tree island by herbert strang
simon eichelkatz; the patriarch by ulrich frank
paint technology and tests by henry a. gardner
the life and times of kateri tekakwitha by ellen h. walworth
how we think by john dewey
views and reviews by henry james
within the rim and other essays by henry james
whirlpools by henryk sienkiewicz
scientific culture and other essays by josiah parsons cooke
pride and predjudice a play by mary keith medbery mackaye
the motor maids across the continent by katherine stokes
the motor maids' school days by katherine stokes
the american crisis by thomas paine
the rights of man by thomas paine
the age of reason by thomas paine
a journey to the interior of the earth by jules verne
the fascinating boston by alfonso josephs sheafe
cookery for little girls by olive hyde foster
the lady and her horse by t. a. jenkins
king lear's wife; the crier by night; the riding to lithend;
the poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning vol. i
the barber of paris by charles paul de kock
the automobile girls along the hudson by laura dent crane
cycling and shooting knickerbocker stockings by h. p. ryder
canada: its postage stamps and postal stationery
lost in the ca? by alfred r. calhoun
daisy thornton by mary j. holmes
some imagist poets 1916 by richard aldington
the great war in england in 1897 by william le queux
mind amongst the spindles by various
taking chances by clarence l. cullen
the debit account by oliver onions
campaigning with crook and stories of army life by charles king
the tangled skein by baroness emmuska orczy
the postmaster by joseph c. lincoln
the strand magazine volume xxvii issue 160 april 1904 by various
boy scouts in glacier park by walter prichard eaton
the outdoor chums on the lake by quincy allen
boy scouts in the northwest by george harvey ralphson
asgard stories by mabel h. cummings and mary h. foster
an historical narrative of the great and terrible fire of london
the chalice of courage by cyrus townsend brady
text books of art education v. 2 of 7 by hugo b. froehlich
notes and queries vol. iii number 86 june 21 1851 by various
stories of old kentucky by martha grassham purcell
a short narrative of the life and actions of his grace
the spaniards in florida by george r. fairbanks
the cassowary by stanley waterloo
by trench and trail in song and story by angus mackay
in a mysterious way by anne warner
the notorious impostor and diego redivivus by elkanah settle
quick action by robert w. chambers
the story of an ostrich by judd isaacs
theology and the social consciousness by henry churchill king
the house of the dead or prison life in siberia
san francisco in ruins by various
southern war songs by various
voyager's tales by richard hakluyt
common sense by thomas paine
persons unknown by virginia tracy
the female wits by anonymous
notes and queries vol. iv number 88 july 5 1851 by various
the beauty by mrs. wilson woodrow
ann boyd by will n. harben
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 2 1893
poems by edward shanks
open water by arthur stringer
a catalogue of sculpture in the department of greek and roman
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 9 1893 by various
great inventions and discoveries by willis duff piercy
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 16th 1893
the golden hope by robert h. fuller
the coast of adventure by harold bindloss
a crooked mile by oliver onions
chance in chains by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
neuralgia and the diseases that resemble it by francis e. anstie
notes and queries vol. iv number 90 july 19 1851 by various
denis dent by ernest w. hornung
the history of the nineteenth century in caricature
garden design and architects' gardens by w. robinson
the story of great inventions by elmer ellsworth burns
bill's school and mine by william suddards franklin
search-light letters by robert grant
ocean to ocean on horseback by willard glazier
luck at the diamond fields by dalrymple j. belgrave
the jew by j? kraszewski
iermola by j? kraszewksi
our old home vol. 2 by nathaniel hawthorne
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume 6
societies of the kiowas by robert h lowie
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 january 20 1872 by various
the man who kept his money in a box by anthony trollope
rejected addresses by james smith and horace smith
dryden's works vol. 3 (of 18) by john dryden
the adventures of a country boy at a country fair by james otis
love letters of a violinist and other poems by eric mackay
thomas hart benton by theodore roosevelt
seed thoughts for singers by frank herbert tubbs
the sins of the children by cosmo hamilton
wild wales by george borrow
in the arctic seas by francis leopold mcclintock
from school to battle-field by charles king
ned wilding's disappearance by allen chapman
the myrtle reed cook book by myrtle reed
the teaching of geometry by david eugene smith
heads of lectures on a course of experimental philosophy:
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 1 of 4: a-d) by various
forest life and forest trees: comprising winter camp-life among
the brass bottle by f. anstey
lincoln the politician by t. aaron levy
the cruise of the land-yacht wanderer by gordon stables
a trooper galahad by charles king
cathedral cities of italy by william wiehe collins
monks popes and their political intrigues by john alberger
reason the only oracle of man by ethan allen
auricular confession and popish nunneries by william hogan
dawn of the morning by grace livingston hill
biblical extracts by robert cooper
the life of thomas paine vol. i. (of ii) by moncure daniel conway
the life of thomas paine vol. ii. (of ii) by moncure daniel conway
the magic bed by hartwell james
the crime of the congo by sir arthur conan doyle
birket foster r. w. s. by herbert minton cundall
mother meg by catharine shaw
trees worth knowing by julia ellen rogers
elias by orson f. whitney
south and south central africa by h. frances davidson
alter ego by w. w. walker
a history of the republican party by george washington platt
egerton ryerson and education in upper canada by j. harold putmam
cynthia's revels by ben jonson
the interdependence of literature by georgina pell curtis
recollections and impressions by octavius brooks frothingham
manners & cvftoms of ye englyfhe by richard doyle
the angel of the gila: by cora marsland
how to collect a doctor bill by frank p. davis
a narrative of service with the third wisconsin infantry by hinkley
the byzantine empire by charles william chadwick oman
atlantic classics by various
darwin and after darwin volume ii (of 3) by george john romanes
a damaged reputation by harold bindloss
deformities of samuel johnson selected from his works
a memoir of sir edmund andros knt. by william henry whitmore
considerations on religion and public education by hannah more
etidorhpa or the end of earth. by john uri lloyd
darwin and after darwin (vol 3 of 3) by george john romanes
punch or the london charivari volume 62 january 6 1872 by various
notwithstanding by mary cholmondeley
the story of florence by edmund g. gardner
old wine and new by joseph cross
the world's best books by frank parsons
catalogue of books published by methuen and co. october 1909
the heritage of the kurts volume i (of 2) by bj?tjerne bj?on
the heritage of the kurts volume ii (of 2) by bj?tjerne bj?on
the poetical works of robert bridges by robert bridges
mountain-laurel and maidenhair by louisa may alcott
child verse by john b. tabb
rambles with john burroughs by robert john de loach
gentlemen rovers by e. alexander powell
the story of magellan and the discovery of the philippines
the cries of london by john thomas smith
chronicles of martin hewitt by arthur morrison
daisy by miranda eliot swan
the open question by elizabeth robins
peter and polly in winter by rose lucia
mother by maksim gorky
nature and art by elizabeth inchbald
human all-too-human part ii by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
small horses in warfare by sir walter gilbey
the bront?amily vol. 1 of 2 by francis a. leyland
the bront?amily vol. 2 of 2 by francis a. leyland
old english chronicles by various
the determined angler and the brook trout by charles bradford
the haunted mine by harry castlemon
poems - first series by j. c. squire
saul of tarsus by elizabeth miller
studies in medi?l life and literature
ruysbroeck by evelyn underhill
the international monthly vol. ii no. i by various
teutonic mythology vol. 1 of 3 by viktor rydberg ph.d
life of oliver wendell holmes by e. e. brown
steve p. holcombe the converted gambler by rev. gross alexander
incidents of travel in greece turkey russia and poland
the brothers' war by john calvin reed
the recollections of alexis de tocqueville by alexis de tocqueville
oxford and her colleges by goldwin smith
villages of the algonquian siouan and caddoan tribes
profitable squab breeding by carl dare
the whirligig of time by wayland wells williams
the bobbsey twins on the deep blue sea by laura lee hope
rocky mountain [colorado] national park
in accordance with the evidence by oliver onions
the south american republics part i of ii by thomas c. dawson
the bath road by charles g. (charles george) harper
'as gold in the furnace' by john e. copus
the boy volunteers with the french airman by kenneth ward
fenn masterson's discovery by allen chapman
a wanderer in paris by e. v. lucas
l. annaeus seneca on benefits by aubrey stewart
a tale of the kloster by brother jabez
the pike's peak rush by edwin l. sabin
incidents of travel in greece turkey russia and poland
the beautiful white devil by guy boothby
scarlett of the mounted by marguerite merington
the south american republics part ii (of 2) by thomas c. dawson
the adventures of chatterer the red squirrel by thornton w. burgess
italian letters of a diplomat's life by mary alsop king waddington
maid of the mist by john oxenham
the life and letters of mary wollstonecraft shelley volume i (of 2)
the life and letters of mary wollstonecraft shelley volume ii (of 2)
stones of the temple by walter field
beaumarchais and the war of american independence
plays: lady frederick the explorer a man of honor
the nut culturist by andrew s. fuller
the marquis of pe?a (marta y mar? by armando palacio vald?
sunshine jane by anne warner
diana tempest volume i (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
diana tempest volume ii (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
diana tempest volume iii (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
dot and tot of merryland by l. frank baum
under the shadow of etna by giovanni verga
may flowers by louisa may alcott
poems by arthur macy
bridge; its principles and rules of play by j. b. elwell
san-cravate; or the messengers; little streams
color key to north american birds by frank m. chapman
psyche by louis couperus
the heatherford fortune by mrs. georgie sheldon
memoir of john howe peyton by various
animals of the past by frederic a. lucas
de re metallica by georgius agricola
schools school-books and schoolmasters by w. carew hazlitt
the transgression of andrew vane by guy wetmore carryl
nature and culture by harvey rice
memoirs of an american prima donna by clara louise kellogg
dwarf fruit trees by f. a. waugh
fables for children stories for children natural science stories
fridtjof nansen by jacob b. bull
game birds and game fishes of the pacific coast by harry thom payne
fetichism in west africa by robert hamill nassau
the life of lyman trumbull by horace white
business english by rose buhlig
social value by b. m. anderson
louisa may alcott by louisa may alcott
a duel by richard marsh
abraham lincoln and the london punch by william shepard walsh
the sun's babies by edith howes
aw-aw-tam indian nights by j. william lloyd
eight or nine wise words about letter-writing by lewis carroll
a select collection of valuable and curious arts
essays on modern novelists by william lyon phelps
an ambitious woman by edgar fawcett
our philadelphia by elizabeth robins pennell
siam by george b. bacon
the social evolution of the argentine republic by ernesto quesada
the boy ranchers of puget sound by harold bindloss
state trials vol. 2 (of 2) by various
the letters of william james vol. ii by william james
aucassin & nicolette by eugene mason
english society by george du maurier
bridge axioms and laws by j. b. elwell
the automobile girls at palm beach by laura dent crane
memoirs of leonora christina by leonora christina ulfeldt
a hundred and sixty books by washington authors by various
beyond by henry seward hubbard
stories of the badger state by reuben gold thwaites
robert louis stevenson by e. blantyre simpson
john dewey's logical theory by delton thomas howard
the seven cardinal sins: envy and indolence by eug? sue
human all too human by friedrich nietzsche
st. peter his name and his office by thomas w. allies
the geography of the region about devils lake and the dalles of
two burlesques of lord chesterfield's letters. by anonymous
stars of the opera by mabel wagnalls
text books of art education book iv (of 7)
norway by beatrix jungman
a second coming by richard marsh
a master of deception by richard marsh
english book-illustration of to-day by rose esther dorothea sketchley
from veldt camp fires by h.a. bryden
the heath hover mystery by bertram mitford
grit lawless by f.e. mills young
atlantic narratives by various
american indian as slaveholder and seccessionist by annie heloise abel
perils in the transvaal and zululand by h. c. adams
an american at oxford by john corbin
a woman perfected by richard marsh
curious church customs by various
the sailor by j. c. snaith
aviation engines by victor wilfred pag?
a treatise on sheep: by ambrose blacklock
eunice by margaret murray robertson
the twa miss dawsons by margaret murray robertson
frederica and her guardians by margaret robertson
kenneth mcalpine by gordon stables
not used
the leaven in a great city by lillian william betts
on the origin and metamorphoses of insects by sir john lubbock
the animal story book by various
the history of antiquity by max duncker
letters of lord acton by lord acton
the mary frances cook book by jane earye fryer
history of mendelssohn's oratorio elijah by frederick george edwards
captain june by alice hegan rice
arguments before the committee on patents of the house of
birds every child should know by neltje blanchan
hopalong cassidy by clarence e. mulford
paddy-the-next-best-thing by gertrude page
the old yellow book by anonymous
nathan the wise by gotthold ephraim lessing
the roman and the teuton by charles kingsley
balzac by frederick lawton
atlantic classics second series by henry c. merwin william beebe
pottery for artists craftsmen & teachers by george j. cox
the honour of savelli by sidney levett-yeats
bart keene's hunting days by allen chapman
wild adventures in wild places by gordon stables
wild life in the land of the giants by gordon stables
my life in many states and in foreign lands by george francis train
international congress of arts and science volume i by various
aspects of modern opera by lawrence gilman
are these things so? (1740) the great man's answer
the cruise of the snowbird by gordon stables
from squire to squatter by gordon stables
how john norton the trapper kept his christmas by w. h. h. murray
schopenhauer by thomas whittaker
the heart of denise and other tales by sidney levett-yeats
our national defense: by george hebard maxwell
the sa'-zada tales by william alexander fraser
a witch of the hills v. 1-2 by florence warden
a witch of the hills v. 2-2 by florence warden
the joy of captain ribot by armando palacio vald?
henrietta maria by henrietta haynes
wild adventures round the pole by gordon stables
the history of antiquity by max duncker
the hickory ridge boy scouts: under canvas by alan douglas
endurance test by alan douglas
a galahad of the creeks; the widow lamport by sidney levett-yeats
great hike by alan douglas
a texas cow boy by chas. a. siringo
what will people say? by rupert hughes
the mansion by henry van dyke
storm-bound by alan douglas
annals of the bodleian library oxford a.d. 1598-a.d. 1867
george cruikshank by w. h. chesson
the chevalier d'auriac by sidney levett-yeats
the happy warrior by a. s. m. hutchinson
the history of sabatai sevi by john evelyn
the history of the post office by herbert joyce
fr?rique; vol. 1 by charles paul de kock
fr?rique; vol. 2 by charles paul de kock
south-african folk-tales by james a. honey
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 1
the lash by olin l. lyman
citt and bumpkin (1680) by sir roger l'estrange and b. j. rahn
harding of allenwood by harold bindloss
sunday-school success by amos r. wells
the millionaire baby by anna katharine green
a trip to california in 1853 by washington bailey
the ancient phonetic alphabet of yucatan by daniel g. brinton
elsie's widowhood by martha finley
light and peace by carlo giuseppe quadrupani
by right of sword by arthur w. marchmont
peeps at postage stamps by stanley currie johnson
a little brother to the bear and other animal stories by william long
in pastures new by george ade
a knight on wheels by ian hay
journal of two campaigns of the fourth regiment of u.s. infantry
the character of the jew books by philanthropos
the character of a priest by philanthropos
an address to men of science by richard carlile
memoirs of mrs. rebecca steward by t. g. steward
hawkins electrical guide no. 1 questions answers
library bookbinding by arthur low bailey
stanley's adventures in the wilds of africa by joel tyler headley
the war upon religion by rev. francis a. cunningham
the fourth estate vol. 1 by armando palacio vald?
the fourth estate vol. 2 by armando palacio vald?
harper's new monthly magazine vol. iv no. 19 dec 1851 by various
edinburgh picturesque notes by robert louis stevenson
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 7 by various
the star-treader and other poems by clark ashton smith
froth by armando palacio vald?
the young and field literary readers book 2
the king of schnorrers by israel zangwill
curiosities of history by william w. wheildon
from manassas to appomattox by james longstreet
out of mulberry street by jacob a. riis
notes of a son and brother by henry james
the world as will and idea (vol. 1 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
through a microscope by samuel wells mary treat
the philosophy of b*rtr*nd r*ss*ll by various
the fijians by basil thomson
lincoln's use of the bible by samuel trevena jackson
the melody of earth by various
curiosities of impecuniosity by h. g. somerville
memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vols. 1-3
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 1
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 4
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vols. 1-4
croxley master: a great tale of the prize ring by arthur conan doyle
the river motor boat boys on the st. lawrence by harry gordon
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 8 by various
alden's handy atlas of the world by john b. alden
the enemies of women by vicente blasco ib?z
a selection from the works of frederick locker by frederick locker
tempting curry dishes by thomas j. murrey
natural and artificial duck culture by james rankin
the nibelungenlied by unknown
lord john in new york by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
dick randall by ellery h. clark
loaded dice by ellery h. clark
the poems of philip freneau volume i (of iii) by philip freneau
abraham lincoln volume 1 (of 2) by william h. herndon
abraham lincoln volume 2 (of 2) by william h. herndon
and so they were married by florence morse kingsley
human personality and its survival of bodily death
the code of the mountains by charles neville buck
the great painters' gospel by henry turner bailey
empires and emperors of russia china korea and japan by p?r vay
the sufistic quatrains of omar khayyam by omar khayyam
the lives of the iii normans kings of england: william the first
the front yard by constance fenimore woolson
poems of james russell lowell by james russell lowell
the noank's log by w. o. stoddard
the poems of philip freneau volume ii (of iii) by philip freneau
the great illusion by norman angell
a review of algebra by romeyn henry rivenburg
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 1 by various
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 1
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency books 1-4
a scout of to-day by isabel hornibrook
a century of sail and steam on the niagara river by barlow cumberland
life of luther by gustav just
the pilot's daughter by francis cunningham
the complete works of richard crashaw volume i (of 2)
the complete works of richard crashaw volume ii (of 2)
the crux by charlotte perkins gilman
select list of books ... relating to the far east
emmy lou's road to grace by george madden martin
the crisis of eighteen hundred and sixty-one in the
dorothy dale in the city by margaret penrose
historic waterways--six hundred miles of canoeing down the
granny's chapters by lady mary ross
the white crystals by howard r. garis
the story of assisi by lina duff gordon
bert wilson at the wheel by j. w. duffield
the big book of nursery rhymes by various
the roman poets of the republic by w. y. sellar
eight cousins by louisa may alcott
when a cobbler ruled a king by augusta huiell seaman
love sonnets of an office boy by samuel ellsworth kiser
the blue lights by arnold fredericks
recitations for the social circle by james clarence harvey
abraham lincoln's cardinal traits; by clark s. beardslee
heroes of science: physicists by william garnett
the story of anna kingsford and edward maitland and of
the life and writings of henry fuseli volume i (of 3) by john knowles
a woman of genius by mary austin
martha by w. friedrich and friedrich von flotow
the monk and the hangman's daughter by adolphe danziger de castro
the lost gold of the montezumas by william o. stoddard
a history of oregon 1792-1849 by william henry gray
city scenes by william darton
cornwall by g. e. mitton
where love is there god is also by lyof n. tolstoi
the river motor boat boys on the mississippi by harry gordon
brock centenary 1812-1912 by various
the story of charles strange vol. 1 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
the story of charles strange vol. 2 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
the story of charles strange vol. 3 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
heimatlos by johanna spyri
queen victoria as i knew her by sir theodore martin
charles darwin: his life in an autobiographical chapter and in
the monarchs of the main volume iii (of 3) by walter thornbury
delilah of the snows by harold bindloss
the eldest son by archibald marshall
the honour of the clintons by archibald marshall
julia ward howe by laura e. richards and maud howe elliott
great opera stories by millicent schwab bender
the harlot's progress by theophilus cibber and
affair at the semiramis hotel by alfred edward woodley mason
four corners of the world by alfred edward woodley mason
courtship of morrice buckler by alfred edward woodley mason
for jacinta by harold bindloss
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 23 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 105 september 30th 1893
hoof and claw by charles g. d. roberts
the history of antiquity vol. i (of vi) by max duncker
green stockings by alfred edward woodley mason
miranda of the balcony by alfred edward woodley mason
the thirteenth by james j. walsh
practical basketry by anna a. gill
parson kelly by alfred edward woodley mason and andrew lang
the turnstile by alfred edward woodley mason
the watchers by a. e. w. (alfred edward woodley) mason
the maker of opportunities by george gibbs
istar of babylon by margaret horton potter
tragedy by ashley h. thorndike
carry on! by herbert strang
a singular metamorphosis by may evelyn skiles
a prairie courtship by harold bindloss
the dance of death by francis douce
index to kindergarten songs including singing games
a vindication of natural diet. by percy bysshe shelley
the moral instruction of children by felix adler
railroad accidents by r. c. richards
the old testament in the light of the historical records and
the corner house girls under canvas by grace brooks hill
the corner house girls by grace brooks hill
the unpublishable memoirs by a. s. w. rosenbach
thrice armed by harold bindloss
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 29 of 55 by various
our house by elizabeth robins pennell
current history: a monthly magazine of the new york times
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 november 1864 by various
story of a doctor's telephone--told by his wife by ellen m. firebaugh
running sands by reginald wright kauffman
new old and forgotten remedies: papers by many writers by various
story of the airplane by c. b. galbreath
how we are fed by james franklin chamberlain
witch warlock and magician by william henry davenport adams
a roving commission by g. a. henty
songs of the mexican seas by joaquin miller
spanish highways and byways by katharine lee bates
the aboriginal population of the san joaquin valley
the first easter by j. h. willard
translations from the german (vol 3 of 3) by thomas carlyle
a russian gentleman by sergei timofeevich aksakov
inventors by philip gengembre hubert
travels in the interior of north america part i
harper's new monthly magazine vol iii no 13 1851 by various
south america and the war by f. a. kirkpatrick
punch or the london charivari vol. 146 march 4th 1914 by various
with drake on the spanish main by herbert strang
second string by anthony hope
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 1 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 2 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 3 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 4 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 5 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 6 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 7 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 8 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 9 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 11 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 12 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll complete contents by robert g. ingersoll
miss ellis's mission by mary p. wells smith
the strand magazine vol. 27 no. 161 may 1904 by various
a ten year war by jacob a. riis
the genius of scotland by robert turnbull
clayton's quaker cook-book by h. j. clayton
letters of a diplomat's wife by mary king waddington
bolanyo by opie percival read
garden-craft old and new by john d. sedding
unfettered by sutton e. griggs
a life's secret by mrs. henry wood
the lucky piece by albert bigelow paine
a little book of old time verse by various
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 6
the aventures of buffalo bill by col. william f. cody
the maid of honour (vol. 3 of 3) by lewis wingfield
pictures of canadian life by j. ewing ritchie
civil war experiences 1862-1865 by edward mott robbins
comrade yetta by albert edwards
my lords of strogue vol. i (of iii) by lewis wingfield
my lords of strogue vol. ii (of iii) by lewis wingfield
my lords of strogue vol. iii (of iii) by lewis wingfield
the maid of honour vol. 1 (of 3) by lewis wingfield
from the lakes of killarney to the golden horn by henry m. field
chippinge borough by stanley j. weyman
a little wizard by stanley j. weyman
the gentle reader by samuel mcchord crothers
browning and his century by helen archibald clarke
the maid of honour volume 2 (of 3) by lewis wingfield
villainage in england by paul vinogradoff
poems by w. b. yeats
the land of song book ii by various
in kali's country by emily churchill thompson sheets
the wild flowers of california: their names haunts and
out of a labyrinth by lawrence l. lynch
literary shrines by theodore f. wolfe
a literary pilgrimage among the haunts of famous british authors
the hollow tree snowed-in book by albert bigelow paine
baseball joe on the school nine by lester chadwick
the business of mining by arthur j. hoskin
our flowering shrubs by anonymous
ex-president john quincy adams in pittsburgh by wilson mccandless
transcendentalism in new england by octavius brooks frothingham
the abbess of vlaye by stanley j. weyman
for the cause by stanley j. weyman
the trial of oscar wilde by anonymous
the mountainy singer by seosamh maccathmhaoil
quacks and grafters by unknown
by canadian streams by lawrence j. burpee
the camp fire girls' larks and pranks by hildegard g. frey
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 19 1887 by various
the little colonel at boarding-school by annie fellows johnston
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 2 by lewis goldsmith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 3 by lewis goldsmith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 4 by lewis goldsmith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 5 by lewis goldsmith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 6 by lewis goldsmith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 7 by lewis goldsmith
last words of distinguished men and women by frederic rowland marvin
charles auchester volume 1 of 2 by elizabeth sheppard
british manufacturing industries by l. arnoux
eye spy by william hamilton gibson
argentine ornithology volume i (of 2) by p. l. sclater
argentine ornithology volume ii (of 2) by p. l. sclater
cardigan by robert w. chambers
narrative of the surveying voyages of his majesty's
vocational psychology: its problems and methods by harry
first at the north pole by edward stratemeyer
ralph the train dispatcher by allen chapman
phil bradley's snow-shoe trail by silas k. boone
lace its origin and history by samuel l. goldenberg
wings and the child by edith nesbit
mildred's new daughter by martha finley
the chase of the golden plate by jacques futrelle
my lady rotha by stanley j. weyman
laid up in lavender by stanley j. weyman
black tales for white children by c. h. stigand
the iron boys as foremen by james r. mears
paris and the parisians in 1835 (vol. 1 of 2)
women painters of the world by walter shaw sparrow
social transformations of the victorian age
the history of antiquity vol. ii (of vi) by max duncker
an historical view of the philippine islands vol i (of 2)
famous american statesmen by sarah knowles bolton
outline studies in the old testament for bible teachers
ophiolatreia by anonymous
mr. marx's secret by e. phillips oppenheim
long odds by harold bindloss
the future belongs to the people by karl liebknecht
our journey to the hebrides joseph pennell and
an historical view of the philippine islands vol ii (of 2)
servian popular poetry by john bowring
songs ysame by annie fellows johnston and albion fellows bacon
essays in pastoral medicine by austin ?alley and james j. walsh
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 1
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 2
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 3
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 4
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 5
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 6
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 7
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 8
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 9
the slaves of the padishah by m??
old-time gardens by alice morse earle
ralph of the roundhouse by allen chapman
ralph in the switch tower by allen chapman
ecce homo! by paul henry thiry baron d' holbach
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 30 of 55
the trial of henry hetherington by henry hetherington
bruce of the circle a by harold titus
samba by herbert strang
hegel's philosophy of mind by georg wilhelm friedrich hegel
the five great philosophies of life by william de witt hyde
the white blackbird by hudson douglas
horace chase by constance fenimore woolson
historic shrines of america by john thomson faris
the a.e.f. by heywood broun
my mother's gold ring founded on fact by lucius sargent
the dorrance domain by carolyn wells
the iron boys in the mines by james r. mears
william hickling prescott by harry thurston peck
on the supply of printed books from the library to the reading
travelers five along life's highway by annie fellows johnston
the conflict of religions in the early roman empire by t. r. glover
two boy gold miners by frank v. webster
woven with the ship by cyrus townsend brady
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 july 1865 by various
naples past and present by arthur h. norway
the auto boys' quest by james a braden
wise saws and modern instances volume ii (of 2) by thomas cooper
creation myths of primitive america by jeremiah curtin
true tales of arctic heroism in the new world by adolphus w. greely
the gold diggings of cape horn by john r. spears
phil may's gutter-snipes by phil may
the blessed hope by edward hoare
unicorns by james huneker
kensington rhymes by compton mackenzie
the optimist's good morning by florence hobart perin
dr. grenfell's parish by norman duncan
the book of the little past by josephine preston peabody
the million dollar mystery by harold macgrath
shrewsbury by stanley j. weyman
starvecrow farm by stanley j. weyman
a letter to the right hon. lord bexley by francis cunningham
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 10
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 11
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 12
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vols. 1-12
the devourers by annie vivanti chartres
ciphers for the little folks by dorothy crain
a hero of li? by herbert strang
a biographical sketch of some of the most eminent individuals
special method in the reading of complete english classics
a review of the systems of ethics founded on the theory
sky island by l. frank baum
kipps by h. g. wells
the white terror and the red by abraham cahan
sophia by stanley j. weyman
pictures and stories by unknown
dorothy and other italian stories by constance fenimore woolson
der tag by j. m. barrie
ti-ping tien-kwoh by augustus f. lindley
guide to west point and the u.s. military academy by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 1. no 1 june 1850 by various
fickle fortune by elisabeth burstenbinder
legends of gods and ghosts (hawaiian mythology)
random rhymes and rambles by william wright
the fortunate isles by mary stuart boyd
ever heard this? by f. w. chambers
the lincoln year book by abraham lincoln
insect stories by vernon l. kellogg
tales for fifteen by james fenimore cooper
there is no death by florence marryatt
when love calls by stanley j. weyman
the new rector by stanley j. weyman
the snowball by stanley j. weyman
the king's stratagem and other stories by stanley j. weyman
modern machine-shop practice volumes i and ii by joshua rose
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 may 1865 by various
a source book of medi?l history by frederic austin ogg
woodbine-arbor; or the little gardeners by anonymous
joel: a boy of galilee by annie fellows johnston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 5 by various
a manual of toy dogs by mrs. leslie williams
in the saddle by various
the conquest by oscar micheaux
the homesteader by oscar micheaux
the red lily vols. 1-3 by anatole france
monsieur madame and bebe vols. 1-3 by gustave droz
six one-act plays by margaret scott oliver
patroclus and penelope by theodore ayrault dodge
quodlibet by john p. kennedy
heroic spain by elizabeth boyle o'reilly
socialism: utopian and scientific by frederick engels
fredericksburg and its many points of interest by r. a. kishpaugh
the power of the popes by pierre claude fran?s daunou
winterslow by william hazlitt
the life and opinions of tristram shandy gentleman by laurence sterne
edward hoare m.a. by edward hoare
history of european morals from augustus to charlemagne
mysterious psychic forces by camille flammarion
chicago's awful theater horror by various
dictionary of english proverbs and proverbial phrases
the adopted son by j. h. willard
letters to the clergy by john ruskin
william shakespere of stratford-on-avon by scott surtees
rome turkey and jerusalem by edward hoare
boy labour and apprenticeship by reginald arthur bray
a greek primer by wallace stearns
the story of francis cludde by stanley j. weyman
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. i (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. ii (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. iii (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. iv (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. v (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. vi(of vi)
rome turkey and jerusalem by edward hoare
walks in rome by augustus j. c. hare
rome and turkey in connexion with the second advent by edward hoare
the loyalists of massachusetts by james h. stark
old flies in new dresses by charles edward walker
the literary sense by e. nesbit
the history of margaret catchpole by richard cobbold
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 october 7 1893 by various
blazing the way by emily inez denny
prince zilah vols. 1-3 by jules claretie
the suprising adventures of sir toady lion with those of
mitchelhurst place vol. i (of 2) by margaret veley
baltimore and the nineteenth of april 1861 by george william brown
caricature and other comic art by james parton
punch or the london charivari october 21st 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari october 28th 1893 by various
the catholic world; volume i issues 1-6 by e. rameur
the second war with england vol. 1 of 2 by joel tyler headley
the second war with england vol. 2 of 2 by joel tyler headley
recollections of windsor prison; by john reynolds
lord kelvin by andrew gray
the gipsy (vols i & ii) by george payne rainsford james
collins' illustrated guide to london and neighbourhood by anonymous
famous european artists by sarah k. bolton
punch or the london charivari november 4th 1893 by various
mademoiselle blanche by john david barry
the jester's sword by annie fellows johnston
the columbia river by william denison lyman
one of cleopatra's nights and other fantastic romances
a system of easy lettering by j. howard cromwell
jerusalem delivered by torquato tasso
the frontiersmen by gustave aimard
kentucky in american letters v. 1 of 2 by john wilson townsend
kentucky in american letters v. 2 of 2 by john wilson townsend
the grateful dead by gordon hall gerould
the masculine cross by anonymous
loss of the steamship 'titanic' by british government
the manual of the botany of the northern united states by asa gray
punch or the london charivari volume 105 november 18 1893
rupert prince palatine by eva scott
annouchka by ivan sergheievitch turgenef
vistas of new york by brander matthews
notes and queries vol. iv number 112 december 20 1851 by various
monsieur de camors vols. 1-3 by octave feuillet
a study of the bhagavata purana by veda vyasa
mrs. balfame by gertrude franklin horn atherton
hoyle's games modernized by louis hoffmann
shelburne essays third series by paul elmer more
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages by henry charles lea
the pilgrim's progress by john bunyan by john bunyan
ahead of the show by fred thorpe
the clammer and the submarine by william john hopkins
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages; volume ii
the contemporary review volume 36 october 1879 by various
behind the veil in persia and turkish arabia
eleven years in the rocky mountains and life on the frontier
reading the weather by thomas morris longstreth
the march to magdala by g. a. henty
the young sharpshooter at antietam by everett t. tomlinson
from egypt to japan by henry m. field
the levellers by anonymous
the independence day horror at killsbury by asenath carver coolidge
mushroom town by oliver onions
farm boys and girls by william arch mckeever
daddy's bedtime bird stories by mary graham bonner
against war by erasmus
our first half-century by government of queensland
a breeze from the woods 2nd ed. by william chauncey bartlett
moores fables for the female sex by edward moore
beauties and antiquities of ireland by t. o. russell
copyright: its history and its law by richard rogers bowker
punch or the london charivari november 25 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari december 2 1893 by various
popular scientific lectures by ernst mach
the doctor in history literature folk-lore etc. by william andrews
mrs. thompson by william babington maxwell
a captain of industry by upton sinclair
the contemporary review volume 36 november 1879 by various
the little washingtons' travels by lillian elizabeth roy
huguenot: (volumes i-iii) by george payne rainsford james
the rulers of the mediterranean by richard harding davis
pioneers of evolution from thales to huxley by edward clodd
the early life and adventures of sylvia scarlett by compton mackenzie
history of european morals from augustus to charlemagne
a soldier's son by maude m. butler
cinq mars complete by alfred de vigny
l'abbe constantin complete by ludovic halevy
the revolutionary movement of 1848-9 in italy austria-hungary
a holiday in bed and other sketches by j. m. barrie
the incendiary by william augustine leahy
wit and humor of the bible by marion d. shutter
the forged note by oscar micheaux
the carved lions by mrs. molesworth
ethics by john dewey and james hayden tufts
guy and pauline by compton mackenzie
mrs. tree's will by laura elizabeth howe richards
two chancellors by julian klaczko
the broncho rider boys along the border by frank fowler
william jay and the constitutional movement for the
the adhesive postage stamp by patrick chalmers
polly's first year at boarding school by dorothy whitehill
the broncho rider boys with the texas rangers by frank fowler
the broncho rider boys on the wyoming trail by frank fowler
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages; volume iii
the rival pitchers by lester chadwick
prison life in andersonville by john l. maile
the graftons by archibald marshall
the human slaughter-house by wilhelm lamszus
some account of llangollen and its vicinity by w. t. simpson
keeping tryst by annie fellows johnston
aunt 'liza's hero and other stories by annie fellows johnston
the little colonel's knight comes riding by annie fellows johnston
georgina of the rainbows by annie fellows johnston
asa holmes by annie fellows johnston
the little colonel in arizona by annie fellows johnston
burlesques by h. m. bateman
hand-book for horsewomen by h. l. de bussigny
ande trembath by matthew stanley kemp
the american indians by henry r. schoolcraft
the magic of the middle ages by viktor rydberg
the life of a conspirator by thomas longueville
ardours and endurances by robert malise bowyer nichols
life and adventures of bruce the african traveller by francis head
curiosities of the american stage by laurence hutton
history of llangollen and its vicinity by w. t. simpson
an alphabet of history by wilbur d. nesbit
irma in italy by helen leah reed
recollections of abraham lincoln 1847-1865 by ward hill lamon
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 1 by various
the tribute by philo
picturesque world's fair vol. i no. 1 feb. 10 1894 by anonymous
a romance of youth complete by francois coppee
georgina's service stars by annie fellows johnston
kashmir by sir francis edward younghusband
the bungalow boys along the yukon by dexter j. forrester
whilomville stories by stephen crane
shaggycoat by clarence hawkes
character and conduct by various
vayenne by percy brebner
historical materialism and the economics of karl marx
history of england from the fall of wolsey to the death
the square book of animals by william nicholson and arthur waugh
home occupations for boys and girls by bertha johnston
the hansa towns by helen zimmern
when it was dark by guy thorne
at start and finish by william lindsey
the idiot by frederick bateman
a year in a lancashire garden by henry arthur bright
the idiot at home by john kendrick bangs
the balkan peninsula by frank fox
satan sanderson by hallie erminie rives
the story of switzerland by lina hug and richard stead
odd bits of history by henry w. wolff
the philosophy of mathematics by auguste comte
mother west wind's animal friends by thornton w. burgess
the mortal gods and other plays by olive tilford dargan
mariposilla by mary stewart daggett
constitutional history of england vol 1 of 3 by henry hallam
the foundations of science by henri poincar?
little masterpieces by nathaniel hawthorne
the abolition crusade and its consequences by hilary abner herbert
william morris by elizabeth luther cary
the marriage of esther by guy boothby
budd boyd's triumph by william pendleton chipman
the life of philip melanchthon by karl friedrich ledderhose
ti-ping tien-kwoh by lin-le
the ink-stain vols. 1-3 by rene bazin
oriental rugs by walter a. hawley
in my nursery by laura e. richards
half a man by mary white ovington and franz boas
american football by walter camp
arne: early tales and sketches by bjornstjerne bjornson
the works of george berkeley vol. 1 (of 4) by george berkeley
to your dog and to my dog by lincoln newton kinnicutt
being well-born by michael f. guyer
the misfit christmas puddings by club consolation
franz liszt by james huneker
studies in modern music second series by w. h. hadow
cowboy life on the sidetrack by frank benton
mollie and the unwiseman abroad by john kendrick bangs
american grape training by liberty hyde bailey
baltimore hats by william t. brigham
brownies and bogles by louise imogen guiney
beau brocade by baroness orczy
nooks and corners of old new york by charles hemstreet
an american four-in-hand in britain by andrew carnegie
farm mechanics by herbert a. shearer
king-errant by flora annie steel
in the guardianship of god by flora annie steel
a prelude by francis sherman
fighting with french by herbert strang
tommy wideawake by h. h. bashford
practical boat-sailing by douglas frazar
how a dear little couple went abroad by mary d. brine
the iron boys in the steel mills by james r. mears
a prince of dreamers by flora annie steel
the oriel window by mrs. molesworth
a sovereign remedy by flora annie steel
my fire opal and other tales by sarah warner brooks
a catalogue of books for the young by various
expositor's bible: index by s. g. ayres
mollie and the unwiseman by john kendrick bangs
from the five rivers by flora annie steel
tics and their treatment by henry meigne and e. feindel
miss dividends by archibald clavering gunter
early american plays by oscar wegelin
the toy shop by margarita spalding gerry
memoranda on poisons by thomas hawkes tanner
in the permanent way by flora annie steel
after the divorce by grazia deledda
fromont and risler vols. 1-4 by alphonse daudet
gerfaut complete by charles de bernard
early illustrated books by alfred w. pollard
st. nicholas vol xiii. no. 8 june 1886 by various
in the tideway by flora annie steel
cattle-ranch to college by russell doubleday
victorian literature by clement k. shorter
punch or the london charivari volume 150 may 17 1916 by various
the lance of kanana by harry w. french
bird-lore by various
marmaduke by flora annie steel
trilby by george du maurier
the evolution of states by j. m. robertson
english traits by ralph waldo emerson
the montessori method by maria montessori
the young people's wesley by w. mcdonald
margaret vincent by sophia lucy clifford
farming with dynamite by e. i. du pont de nemours powder co.
bikey the skicycle and other tales of jimmieboy by john kendrick bangs
an open letter to the right honorable david lloyd george by lajpat rai
war's brighter side by julian ralph
the beginners of a nation by edward eggleston
alsace-lorraine by daniel blumenthal
modern painting its tendency and meaning by willard huntington wright
defenseless america by hudson maxim
the church of st. bunco by gordon clark
the girl next door by augusta huiell seaman
the life of crustacea by william thomas calman
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 6 by various
the poems of philip freneau volume iii (of iii) by philip freneau
the army mule and other war sketches by henry a. castle
tom willoughby's scouts by herbert strang
expositor's bible: the book of ecclesiastes by samuel cox
reports on the maya indians of yucatan by santiago mendez
gouverneur morris by theodore roosevelt
narrative of an expedition to the shores of the arctic sea in
crusoe's island: a ramble in the footsteps of alexander
yarmouth notes by frederick danby palmer
juggernaut by george cary eggleston and dolores marboug
the lucky seventh by ralph henry barbour
down the river to the sea by agnes maule machar
daniel boone by reuben gold thwaites
man's place in the universe by alfred r. wallace
a dialogue upon the gardens by william gilpin
traditions superstitions and folk-lore by charles hardwick
conscience complete by hector malot
madame chrysantheme complete by pierre loti
ashton kirk secret agent by john t. mcintyre
peeps at people by john kendrick bangs
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 7 1894 by various
the iowa by william harvey miner
with americans of past and present days by j. j. jusserand
prairie gold by various
the works of sir thomas browne (volume 1 of 3) by thomas browne
the works of sir thomas browne (volume 2 of 3) by thomas browne
the works of sir thomas browne by thomas browne
the positive outcome of philosophy by joseph dietzgen
american big-game hunting by various
sources of the synoptic gospels by carl s. patton
lancashire humour by thomas newbigging
a civic biology by george william hunter
the hill of venus by nathan gallizier
audubon and his journals volume i (of 2) by maria r. audubon
the royal mail by james wilson hyde
audubon and his journals vol. 2 by maria r. audubon
farmer george volume 1 by lewis melville
farmer george volume 2 by lewis melville
lord loveland discovers america by c. n. williamson
the way of initiation by rudolf steiner
the flower of forgiveness by flora annie steel
the hosts of the lord by flora annie steel
gardening for little girls by olive hyde foster
science of animal locomotion (zoopraxography) by eadweard muybridge
the great acceptance by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
an english girl's first impressions of burmah by beth ellis
the die varieties of the nesbitt series of united states
the autobiography of a cornish smuggler by harry carter
the master of warlock by george cary eggleston
john burnet of barns by john buchan
the last rose of summer by rupert hughes
the stampeder by s. a. white
bass pike perch and others by james alexander henshall
the barren ground of northern canada by warburton mayer pike
the history of chivalry volume i (of 2) by charles mills
the scarecrow and other stories by g. ranger wormser
gunpowder plot and lord mounteagle's letter by henry hawkes spink jr
the princess dehra by john reed scott
book of monsters by david fairchild and
tramping with tramps by josiah flynt
dispatch carrier and memoirs of andersonville prison
herb of grace by rosa nouchette carey
yesterdays by ella wheeler wilcox
gebir and count julian by walter savage landor
count julian by walter savage landor
the victories of love and other poems by coventry patmore
found at last: the veritable garden of eden by david van slyke
the life of florence nightingale vol. 1 of 2 by edward tyas cook
the life of florence nightingale vol. 2 of 2 by edward tyas cook
wanderfoot by cynthia stockley
christian faith under modern searchlights by william hallock johnson
every girl's library volume 8 of 10 by various
mal moul? by ella wheeler wilcox
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 9 1893 by various
the iron boys on the ore boats by james r. mears
catholic world. volume ii; numbers 7 8 9 10 11 12. by e. rameur
argentina by w. a. hirst
nooks and corners of old london by charles hemstreet
the knight of malta by eugene sue
the principles of economics by frank a. fetter
my life by josiah flynt
the philosophy of disenchantment by edgar saltus
mollie's prince by rosa nouchette carey
the solution of the pyramid problem by robert ballard
the world as will and idea (vol. 2 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
popular technology; volume 2 by edward hazen
denry the audacious by arnold bennett
baseball joe at yale by lester chadwick
taxidermy and zoological collecting by william t. hornaday
edith and john by franklin s. farquhar
the vampire cat by gerard van etten
the meeting-place of geology and history by sir john william dawson
the railroad problem by edward hungerford
the cock and anchor by joseph sheridan le fanu
missy by miriam coles harris
a report on washington territory by william henry ruffner
sister anne (novels of paul de kock volume x) by charles paul de kock
the makers of modern rome by mrs. margaret oliphant
the mercy of the lord by flora annie steel
on the face of the waters by flora annie steel
red rowans by flora annie steel
la salle and the discovery of the great west by francis parkman
the foolish almanak by anonymous
the city of masks by george barr mccutcheon
the footlights fore and aft by channing pollock
marmion by walter scott
phil-o-rum's canoe and madeleine vercheres by william henry drummond
the first true gentleman by anonymous
akbar by p. a. s. van limburg-brouwer
breeding minks in louisiana for their fur by william andre elfer
manners vol 1 of 3 by frances brooke
manners vol 2 of 3 by frances brooke
manners vol 3 of 3 by frances brooke
a book about doctors by john cordy jeaffreson
notes and queries index of volume 4 july-december 1851 by various
the archaeology of the yakima valley by harlan ingersoll smith
the old adam by arnold bennett
notes and queries vol. v number 114 january 3 1852 by various
pippin; a wandering flame by laura e. richards
the carter girls by nell speed
the carter girls' week-end camp by nell speed
to leeward by f. marion crawford
a garden with house attached by sarah warner brooks
the natural cure of consumption constipation bright's
modern geography by marion i. newbigin
josh billings' old farmer's allminax by henry wheeler shaw
a student's history of england v. 2 (of 3) by samuel rawson gardiner
the oxford book of american essays by various
the country-life movement in the united states by l.h. bailey
the annals of ann by kate trimble sharber
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 16 1893 by various
history of cleopatra queen of egypt by jacob abbott
life of thomas paine by richard carlile
descriptive zoopraxography by eadweard muybridge
how women should ride by c. de hurst
evolution of life and form by annie wood besant
the love letters of abelard and heloise by peter abelard and heloise
post-impressions by simeon strunsky
from milliken's bend to july 4 1863 by john jackson kellogg
the early introduction of bogus freemasonry in the united states
memoirs of benjamin franklin; written by himself volume ii (of 2)
by the sea and other verses by hannah lavinia baily
letters on astronomy by denison olmsted
the modern railroad by edward hungerford
the hittites by a. h. sayce
the history of the thirteen colonies of north america 1497-1763
of the decorative illustration of books old and new by walter crane
titian; a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait
man's place in nature and other essays by thomas henry huxley
charles auchester volume 2 (of 2) by elizabeth sheppard
frank merriwell's triumph by burt l. standish
regiment of women by clemence dane
the bolsheviki and world peace by leon trotzky
stories of invention by edward e. hale
the syrian christ by abraham mitrie rihbany
the decoration of leather by georges de r?
the treatment of hay fever by george frederick laidlaw
the violin by george dubourg
vie de boh? by orlo williams
lord montagu's page by g. p. r. james
dorothy by evelyn raymond
sporting society vol. i (of 2) by various
sporting society vol. ii (of 2) by various
the rover boys down east by arthur m. winfield
the intoxicated ghost by arlo bates
the contemporary review volume 36 december 1879 by various
at the age of eve by kate trimble sharber
the book of cheese by charles thom and walter warner fisk
the bath keepers v.1 (novels of paul de kock volume vii)
the agrarian problem in the sixteenth century by richard henry tawney
connie morgan in alaska by james b. hendryx
the further adventures of mr. verdant green an oxford under-graduate
selections from the observator (1681-1687) by roger l'estrange
beaumarchais and the war of american independence vol. 2 of 2
the freedom of science by joseph donat
a song of the guns by gilbert frankau
the coward behind the curtain by richard marsh
the crime and the criminal by richard marsh
essays from 'the guardian' by walter horatio pater
appreciations with an essay on style by walter horatio pater
imaginary portraits by walter horatio pater
confessions of a young lady by richard marsh
cathedral cities of spain by william wiehe collins
four months afoot in spain by harry a. franck
the fairy ring by various
stories of the universe: animal life by b. lindsay
anarchy by errico malatesta
mary ware in texas by annie f. johnston
the decoration of houses by edith wharton and ogden codman jr.
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 2 by various
cork: its origin and industrial uses by gilbert e. stecher
the school system of norway by david allen anderson
vistas in sicily by arthur stanley riggs
musical myths and facts volume i (of 2) by carl engel
musical myths and facts volume ii (of 2) by carl engel
wandering ghosts by f. marion crawford
cathedral cities of france by herbert marshall and hester marshall
the letters of a post-impressionist by vincent van gogh
jack harvey's adventures by ruel perley smith
the turn of the balance by brand whitlock
three little women's success by gabrielle e. jackson
sagas from the far east by various
mary seaham volume 1 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
mary seaham volume 2 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
mary seaham volume 3 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
dickens and his illustrators by frederic g. kitton
sophy of kravonia by anthony hope
the adventures and vagaries of twm shon catti
the comical adventures of twm shon catty by t. j. llewelyn prichard
chinese mother goose rhymes by various
daddy long-legs by jean webster
robinson crusoe's money; by david a. wells
in the saddle by oliver optic
miss hildreth volume 1 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
miss hildreth volume 2 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
miss hildreth volume 3 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
plato and the other companions of sokrates
pond and stream by arthur ransome
the child's book of the seasons by arthur ransome
violet forster's lover by richard marsh
under one flag by richard marsh
master of men by e. phillips oppenheim
comparative studies in nursery rhymes by lina eckenstein
the little colonel's holidays by annie fellows johnston
the mystery of lincoln's inn by robert machray
just irish by charles battell loomis
the barnet book of photography by various
an historical summary of the post office in scotland by t. b. lang
the indian in his wigwam by henry r. schoolcraft
with fire and sword by samuel h. m. byers
the quest of the four by joseph a. altsheler
the meaning of faith by harry emerson fosdick
these twain by arnold bennett
the missing link in modern spiritualism by a. leah underhill
happy-go-lucky by ian hay
the white canoe by alan sullivan
the king of diamonds by louis tracy
the ordeal of elizabeth by anonymous
the prairie schooner by william francis hooker
curiosities of civilization by andrew wynter
helen of troy and other poems by sara teasdale
leatherface by baroness orczy
the brownies and prince florimel by palmer cox
the bath keepers v.2 (novels of paul de kock volume vii)
the captain of the janizaries by james m. ludlow
kathie's soldiers by amanda minnie douglas
the chronicles of rhoda by florence tinsley cox
in league with israel by annie f. johnston
the complete works of nathaniel hawthorne appendix to volume xii:
a century in the comptroller's office state of new york
they who knock at our gates by mary antin
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 1 by various
brother against brother by john roy musick
a fortune hunter; or the old stone corral by john dunloe carteret
the rival campers afloat by ruel perley smith
the rival campers by ruel perley smith
the private life of the romans by harold whetstone johnston
marius the epicurean vol. 1 by walter pater
marius the epicurean vol. 2 by walter pater
miscellaneous studies by walter pater
plain english by marian wharton
aristotle and ancient educational ideals by thomas davidson
the queen bee and other nature stories by carl ewald
the g?ence; a comedy ballet in the nahuatl-spanish
the bee's bayonet by edwin alfred watrous
snowflakes by esther nelson karn
a yankee in the far east by george hoyt allen
tales of mean streets by arthur morrison
the chronicles of count antonio by anthony hope
the angel by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
the other side of the sun by evelyn sharp
the ranche on the oxhide by henry inman
smiles by alice lewis richards
in the land of temples by joseph pennell
notes and queries vol. v number 115 january 10 1852 by various
the god in the car by anthony hope
comrades on river and lake by ralph victor
yellowstone nights by herbert quick
the kath?arit s?ra by somadeva bhatta
a century of science and other essays by john fiske
alexander hamilton by charles a. conant
school-room humour by dr. macnamara
into the highways and hedges by frances frederica montr?r
children of christmas and others by edith m. thomas
over the border by herman whitaker
art in america by samuel greene wheeler benjamin
the motor boat club at nantucket by h. irving hancock
excuse me! by rupert hughes
memoir of rev. joseph badger by elihu g. holland
harper's new monthly magazine no. vii december 1850 vol. ii
camilla by fanny burney
hilda's mascot by marie e. ireland
private sex advice to women by r. b. armitage
the iron ration by george abel schreiner
in the roar of the sea by sabine baring-gould
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 23 1893
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 30 1893
the gentle shepherd: a pastoral comedy by allan ramsay
the following of the star by florence l. barclay
notes and queries vol. v number 116 january 17 1852 by various
a history of spain by charles e. chapman
on the lightship by herman knickerbocker viel
peter plymley's letters by sydney smith
the hypocrite by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
a system of midwifery by edward rigby
the key to the bront?orks by john malham-dembleby
little johannes by frederik van eeden
a daughter of the rich by m. e. waller
studies in logical theory by john dewey
a quarter-back's pluck by lester chadwick
the white virgin by george manville fenn
sawn off by george manville fenn
nurse elisia by george manville fenn
this man's wife by george manville fenn
the greville memoirs (third part) volume i (of ii)
the greville memoirs (third part) volume ii (of ii)
lulu's library volume i (of 3) by louisa m. alcott
lulu's library volume iii (of 3) by louisa m. alcott
the american horsewoman by elizabeth karr
foxholme hall by w. h. g. kingston
who goes there! by robert w. chambers
sport royal by anthony hope
address to the people of the united states together with
dandy dick by arthur pinero
gretchen by mary j. holmes
the life of daniel de foe by george chalmers
franklin by john bigelow
an introduction to the history of science by walter libby
a summer's outing by carter h. harrison
the white house (novels of paul de kock volume xii)
the spell of belgium by isabel anderson
the story of a round-house and other poems by john masefield
atlantic narratives by various
notes on the bibliography of yucatan and central america
tenting on the plains by elizabeth b. custer
liverpool a few years since by james aspinall
the socialist by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
miss primrose by roy rolfe gilson
the second mrs. tanqueray by sir arthur wing pinero
paul and his dog v.1 (novels of paul de kock volume xiii)
psychology and social practice by john dewey
first impressions on a tour upon the continent by marianne baillie
biblical geography and history by charles foster kent
the master builder by henrik ibsen
songs before sunrise by algernon charles swinburne
ex voto by samuel bulter
the discovery of muscovy by richard hakluyt
the old man of the mountain by herbert strang
the nursery january 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery february 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery march 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery april 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery may 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery june 1881 vol. xxix by various
genius in sunshine and shadow by maturin murray ballou
dodo's daughter by e. f. benson
barty crusoe and his man saturday by frances hodgson burnett
nationalism by rabindranath tagore
old plantation days by mrs. n. b. de saussure
christianity unveiled by nicolas-antoine boulanger
brooks's readers third year by stratton d. brooks
expositor's bible: the epistles of st. john by william alexander
autobiography of charles clinton nourse by charles clinton nourse
notes and queries vol. v number 122 february 28 1852 by various
the art of cross-examination by francis l. wellman
smithsonian institution - united states national museum
the minute man of the frontier by w. g. puddefoot
the black riders and other lines by stephen crane
behind the scenes in warring germany by edward lyell fox
the rubicon by e. f. benson
essays in experimental logic by john dewey
scarlet and hyssop by e. f. benson
foods and household management by helen kinne and anna m. cooley
mammon and co. by e. f. benson
an address to free coloured americans by an anti-slavery
smoke by ivan sergeevich turgenev
ruth hall by fanny fern
the greatest english classic by cleland boyd mcafee
another summer by charles j. gillis
the closed book by william le queux
devil's dice by william le queux
the pauper of park lane by william le queux
the empire makers by hume nesbit
the new woman by sydney grundy
a watcher in the woods by dallas lore sharp
the diva's ruby by f. marion crawford
the connexion between taste and morals by mark hopkins
voltaire by john morley
a short history of h. m. s. victory by william james lloyd wharton
the gully of bluemansdyke by a. conan doyle
an essay upon projects by daniel defoe
sir walter scott and the border minstrelsy by andrew lang
carolina lee by lilian bell
from gretna green to land's end by katharine lee bates
history of the reformation in the sixteenth century
ponce de leon by william pilling
the journal of the debates in the convention which framed
the flower girl of the ch?au d'eau v.2 by charles paul de kock
the history of antiquity vol. iii (of vi) by max duncker
paris and the social revolution by alvan francis sanborn
the world as will and idea (vol. 3 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
true bear stories by joaquin miller
thoughts on art and autobiographical memoirs of giovanni dupr?
fifty-two stories of the british navy from damme to trafalgar
historic highways of america (vol. 1) by archer butler hulbert
adventurings in the psychical by h. addington bruce
workhouse characters by margaret wynne nevinson
the personality of american cities by edward hungerford
the works of john knox volume 2 (of 6) by john knox
on the trail of the immigrant by edward a. steiner
tyrol and its people by clive holland
diary of an enlisted man by lawrence van alstyne
the art of invigorating and prolonging life by william kitchiner
the pyrotechnist's treasury by thomas kentish
the career of katherine bush by elinor glyn
neither dorking nor the abbey by j. m. barrie
the art of politicks by james bramston
elementary color by milton bradley
the burglars' club by henry a. hering
the morning glory club by george a. kyle
motor boat boys on the great lakes by louis arundel
the mystery of the pinckney draught by charles c. nott
merlin by edwin arlington robinson
a dash .. .. .. for a throne by arthur w. marchmont
anthony trent master criminal by wyndham martyn
the ether of space by oliver lodge
the pillar of light by louis tracy
johnny ludlow. first series by mrs. henry wood
pietro ghisleri by francis marion crawford
the invention of lithography by alois senefelder
meg of valencia by myra williams jarrell
scouting with kit carson by everett t. tomlinson
johnny ludlow second series by mrs. henry wood
paul and his dog v.2 (novels of paul de kock volume xiv)
the early history of the scottish union question by george w. t. omond
historic highways of america (vol. 3) by archer butler hulbert
the wonderful story of lincoln by charles m. stevens
a greek-english lexicon to the new testament by thomas sheldon green
a new sensation by albert ross
under cover by roi cooper megrue and wyndham martyn
the wreck of the red bird by george cary eggleston
the shadow of the czar by john r. carling
emancipation and emigration by anonymous
the atlantic telegraph by william howard russell
the outrage by annie vivanti
hedda gabler by henrik ibsen
verses and translations by c. s. calverley
the angel in the house by coventry patmore
leibniz's new essays concerning the human understanding by john dewey
the seaman's friend by richard henry dana
le cocu (novels of paul de kock volume xviii) by charles paul de kock
the history of antiquity volume iv (of 6) by max duncker
prophecies of robert nixon mother shipton and martha the gypsy
trial of jesus from a lawyer's standpoint vol. i (of ii)
trial of jesus from a lawyer's standpoint vol. ii (of ii)
mythical monsters by charles gould
the life of david by anonymous
the doubts of infidels by anonymous
thoughts on the christian religion by a deist by anonymous
christian mystery by anonymous
the works of charles and mary lamb by charles lamb and mary lamb
the zeppelin destroyer by william le queux
the great court scandal by william le queux
the ku klux klan by annie cooper burton
historic highways of america (vol. 14) by archer butler hulbert
a rose of yesterday by f. marion crawford
a colony of girls by kate livingston willard
pony tracks by frederic remington
the wonderful story of washington by charles m. stevens
the land of song book iii by katherine h. shute
john leech his life and work vol. ii (of ii) by william powell frith
from workhouse to westminster by george haw
the barefoot time by adelbert farrington caldwell
the spirit of the ghetto by hutchins hapgood
historic highways of america (vol. 12) by archer butler hulbert
the catholic world. volume iii; numbers 1 2 3 4 5 6. by e. rameur
the silver shield by sydney grundy
a philadelphia lawyer in the london courts by thomas leaming
fire and sword in the sudan by rudolf c. slatin
brave deeds of union soldiers by samuel scoville
some account of gothic architecture in spain by george edmund street
historic highways of america (vol. 10) by archer butler hulbert
the old first massachusetts coast artillery in war and peace
international law. a treatise. volume i (of 2)
international law. a treatise. volume ii (of 2)lassa francis oppenheim
the church index by william pepperell
in hostile red by joseph altsheler
the hallowell partnership by katharine holland brown
divine adventures by john niendorff
historic highways of america (vol. 11) by archer butler hulbert
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 1 by hubert howe bancroft
the curiosities and law of wills by john proffatt
poems (1686) by anne killigrew
the hunchback of westminster by william le queux
the golden bough first edition vol. 1 of 2 by james george frazer
my neighbor raymond (novels of paul de kock volume xi)
the new life (la vita nuova) by dante alighieri
the sign of the stranger by william le queux
at the sign of the sword by william le queux
the price of power by william le queux
whatsoever a man soweth by william le queux
her royal highness by william le queux
mary lee the red cross girl by helen hart
the vinland champions by ottilie a. liljencrantz
historic highways of america (vol. 9) by archer butler hulbert
the second fiddle by phyllis bottome
admiral jellicoe by arthur applin
arabian society in the middle ages by edward william lane
the wonder book of knowledge by various
solomon and solomonic literature by moncure daniel conway
historic highways of america (vol. 5) by archer butler hulbert
rayton: a backwoods mystery by theodore goodridge roberts
mr. jacobs by arlo bates
the wolf cub by patrick casey
rose in bloom by louisa may alcott
the way to win by william le queux
studies in the art of rat-catching by h. c. barkley
the white rose of memphis by william c. falkner
a plucky girl by l. t. meade
the drunkard by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
the rand-mcnally bible atlas by jesse l. hurlbut
the children's book of birds by olive thorne miller
book-plates by william j. hardy
historic highways of america (vol. 6) by archer butler hulbert
the fishguard invasion by the french in 1797 by m. e. james
an account of the death of philip jolin by francis cunningham
lancashire folk-lore by john harland and t. t. wilkinson
the diary of samuel pepys preface and life
historic highways of america (vol. 4) by arthur butler hulbert
the spell of switzerland by nathan haskell dole
the walking delegate by leroy scott
golden alaska by ernest ingersoll
the red battle flyer by capt. manfred freiherr von richthofen
homes and haunts of the most eminent british poets
trails and tramps in alaska and newfoundland by william s. thomas
historic highways of america (vol. 8) by archer butler hulbert
great ghost stories by various
john ermine of the yellowstone by frederic remington
historic highways of america (vol. 7) by archer butler hulbert
to him that hath by leroy scott
the great strike on the 'q' by john a. hall
mrs. maxon protests by anthony hope
the arab's pledge by edward l. mitford
narcissa or the road to rome by laura e. richards
chronicles of dustypore by henry stewart cunningham
the great god gold by william le queux
the voyages of pedro fernandez de quiros by pedro fernandez de quiros
the diary of a superfluous man and other stories by iv?turg?eff
two great republics: rome and the united states by james hamilton lewis
batting to win by lester chadwick
venice and its story by thomas okey
sonnets of a budding bard by nixon waterman
the diary of john evelyn (vol 1 of 2) by john evelyn
stories of useful inventions by samuel eagle foreman
military career of napoleon the great by montgomery b. gibbs
bashful lover (novels of paul de kock volume xix)
guy deverell v. 1 of 2 by joseph sheridan le fanu
guy deverell v. 2 of 2 by joseph sheridan le fanu
ballads of books by various
over the ocean by curtis guild
scrambles amongst the alps by edward whymper
the sunset trail by alfred henry lewis
little washington's relatives by lillian elizabeth roy
in search of a siberian klondike by homer b. hulbert
the progress of the marbling art by josef halfer
the americans by edwin davies schoonmaker
brooks's readers: first year by stratton d. brooks
with the battle fleet by franklin matthews
three months abroad by anna vivanti
with the zionists in gallipoli by john henry patterson
among the humorists and after dinner speakers vol. i by various
the diary of samuel pepys may 1660
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1660
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1660
mearing stones by joseph campbell
the assault by frederic william wile
the ocean wireless boys and the lost liner by wilbur lawton
manual training toys for the boy's workshop by harris w. moore
sheilah mcleod by guy boothby
history of the johnstown flood by willis fletcher johnson
speaking of prussians by irvin s. cobb
the story of tonty by mary hartwell catherwood
a new catalogue of vulgar errors by stephen fovargue
the butterfly book by william jacob holland
the strange adventures of andrew battell by andrew battell
the heroes of asgard by annie keary and e. keary
the arm-chair at the inn by f. hopkinson smith
the magazine style-code by leigh h. irvine
arbuthnotiana: the story of the st. alb-ns ghost (1712)
rose charlitte by marshall saunders
local color by irvin s. cobb
the flower girl of the ch?au d'eau v.1
daniel webster for young americans by daniel webster
the letters of her mother to elizabeth by elinor glyn
a ladder of swords by gilbert parker
love letters of nathaniel hawthorne volume i (of 2)
selections from the prose writings of john henry cardinal
five plays by edward john dunsany
the exiles of florida by joshua r. giddings
the mosstrooper by robert scott fittis
over the seas for uncle sam by elaine sterne
mrs. dorriman volume 1 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
mrs. dorriman volume 2 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
mrs. dorriman volume 3 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
the awakening of the desert by julius c. birge
automatic pistol shooting by walter winans
the memoirs of an american citizen by robert herrick
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 1 by various
wisconsin in story and song; by various
the great civil war in lancashire (1642-1651) by ernest broxap
boys and girls of colonial days by carolyn sherwin bailey
historic towns of the western states by various
practical exercises in elementary meteorology by robert decourcy ward
the art of cookery by john mollard
the incredible honeymoon by e. nesbit
miss ravenel's conversion from secession to loyalty by j. w. de forest
letty and the twins by helen sherman griffith
practical mind-reading by william walker atkinson
the golden bough first edition vol. 2 of 2 by james george frazer
the king of gee-whiz by emerson hough
the gospel of st. john by frederick denison maurice
the colonial cavalier by maud wilder goodwin
love letters of nathaniel hawthorne volume 2 of 2
in honour bound by sydney grundy
willis's current notes by george willis
the modern american pistol and revolver by a. c. gould
history of the early settlement of the juniata valley
the confessions of a collector by william carew hazlitt
michigan trees by charles herbert otis
elementary zoology second edition by vernon l. kellogg
the boys of 1812 and other naval heroes by james russell soley
uncle walt [walt mason] by walt mason
the yellow house by e. phillips oppenheim
at the relton arms by evelyn sharp
paper-bag cookery by vera serkoff
shelley by john addington symonds
affinities and other stories by mary roberts rinehard
dick hamilton's football team by howard r. garis
the girl from the march croft by selma lagerl?
studies in wives by marie belloc lowndes
america volume i (of 6) by joel cook
contraband by g. j. whyte-melville
in the days of washington by william murray graydon
under the star-spangled banner by f. s. brereton
the english lake district by various
the tale of a field hospital by frederick treves
robert kimberly by frank h. spearman
the launch boys' cruise in the deerfoot by edward s. ellis
the heart of princess osra by anthony hope
poppea of the post-office by mabel osgood wright
the dogs of boytown by walter a. dyer
curly by roger pocock
the oppressed english by ian hay
spell of the hawaiian islands and the philippines by isabel anderson
the mysterious mr. miller by william le queux
the lost million by william le queux
the lady in the car by william le queux
guilty bonds by william le queux
the german spy system from within by william le queux
the broken thread by william le queux
the king of alsander by james elroy flecker
the bond of black by william le queux
behind the throne by william le queux
industrial cuba by robert p. porter
the daffodil fields by john masefield
the everlasting mercy by john masefield
callias by alfred john church
the dixie book of days by matthew page andrews
old times in dixie land by caroline e. merrick
notes and queries vol. v number 134 may 22 1852 by various
memory by william walker atkinson
christmas evans by paxton hood
ian hamilton's march by winston spencer churchill
the quarterly of the oregon historical society vol. iv by various
russia: its people and its literature by emilia pardo baz?
addison by william john courthope
our girls by dio lewis
ballads by robert louis stevenson
the pageant of summer by richard jefferies
the bible in spain by george borrow
a treatise on good works by dr. martin luther
a layman's life of jesus by samuel h. m. byers
how to read human nature by william walker atkinson
picture-work by walter lowrie hervey
freezing a mother-in-law by thomas edgar pemberton
seven legs across the seas by samuel murray
the psychology of salesmanship by william walker atkinson
mafeking by f. d. baillie
the young continentals at bunker hill by john t. mcintyre
the new boys at oakdale by morgan scott
bruno by byrd spilman dewey
wheat and huckleberries by charlotte marion (white) vaile
thought-culture by william walker atkinson
the bible and life by edwin holt hughes
marion berkley by elizabeth b. comins
the house opposite by elizabeth kent
a little girl in old st. louis by amanda minnie douglas
highland targets and other shields by james drummond
memoirs of a veteran who served as a private in the 60's
in search of el dorado by alexander macdonald
swift by leslie stephen
langford of the three bars by kate boyles and virgil d. boyles
pistol and revolver shooting by a. l. a. himmelwright
motor boat boys among the florida keys by louis arundel
the divine comedy of dante alighieri by dante alighieri
the progress of invention in the nineteenth century by edward w. byrn
rose clark by fanny fern
the orange girl by walter besant
curiosities of olden times by s. baring-gould
history of the jews in russia and poland volume i (of 3)
life in dixie during the war by mary a. h. gay
god wills it! by william stearns davis
the celebrity at home by violet hunt
dorothy dale's great secret by margaret penrose
the playground of satan by beatrice baskerville
picturesque pala by george wharton james
the asteroids by daniel kirkwood
a man's man by ian hay
harper's new monthly magazine no. xi--april 1851--vol. ii by various
kimiko and other japanese sketches by lafcadio hearn
amazing grace by kate trimble sharber
john brown soldier of fortune by hill peebles wilson
europe from a motor car by russell richardson
a virginia cousin & bar harbor tales by mrs burton harrison
unexplored spain by abel chapman and walter j. buck
the history of the city of fredericksburg virginia
bypaths in dixie by sarah johnson cocke
outline studies in the new testament for bible teachers
toto's merry winter by laura e. richards
miss santa claus of the pullman by annie fellows johnston
abigail adams and her times by laura elizabeth howe richards
oom paul's people by howard c. hillegas
drum taps in dixie by delavan s. miller
diary of john manningham by john manningham
gatherings from spain by richard ford
tuffy todd's adventure by samuel doggerel
reminiscences of a private by frank m. mixson
chronological retrospect of the history of yarmouth and neighbourhood
french book-plates by walter hamilton
the spell of scotland by keith clark
the art of entertaining by m. e. w. sherwood
christian directory (volume 1 of 4) by richard baxter and george virtue
martin van buren by edward m. shepard
ravenshoe by henry kingsley
reminiscences of travel in australia america and egypt
just sixteen by susan coolidge
the court of cacus by alexander leighton
the theory and practice of archery by horace ford and w. butt
the milkmaid of montfermeil (novels of paul de kock volume xx)
emmeline by charlotte turner smith
a fool's paradise by sydney grundy
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1665
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1666
seven short plays by lady gregory
tom moore by theodore burt sayre
to geyserland by edward f. colborn
a fortnight of folly by maurice thompson
the fort dearborn massacre by linai taliaferro helm
old time wall papers by katherine abbott sanborn
the winning touchdown by lester chadwick
the story of ancient irish civilization by p. w. joyce
the emerald city of oz by l. frank baum
home-made toys for girls and boys by a. neely hall
a changed heart by may agnes fleming
nullification secession webster's argument and the kentucky
corot by sidney allnutt
armour & weapons by charles john ffoulkes
the british navy book by cyril field
our little ones and the nursery vol. v no. 9 july 1885 by various
civil war and reconstruction in alabama by walter l. fleming
keats by sidney colvin
with an ambulance during the franco-german war by charles edward ryan
darkey ways in dixie by margaret a. richard
the feasts of autolycus by elizabeth robins pennell
merck's 1899 manual by merck & co.
a prince of anahuac by james a. porter
the love affairs of lord byron by francis henry gribble
women in modern industry by b. l. hutchins
the religion of ancient palestine by stanley a. cook
anima poet?by samuel taylor coleridge
jack the hunchback by james otis
a girl's life in virginia before the war by letitia m. burwell
samplers and tapestry embroideries by marcus bourne huish
prisons and prayer: or a labor of love by elizabeth ryder wheaton
the spell of japan by isabel anderson
narcissus by unknown
dixie after the war by myrta lockett avary
scotch wit and humor by walter henry howe
d? by herbert ernest augustus furst
the girl of the period and other social essays vol. i (of 2)
the girl of the period and other social essays vol. ii (of 2)
burton of the flying corps by herbert strang
bound to succeed by allen chapman
america volume ii (of 6) by joel cook
the egyptian campaigns 1882 to 1885 by charles royle
the real shelley vol. i (of 2) by john cordy jeaffreson
the real shelley vol. ii (of 2) by john cordy jeaffreson
practical graining by william edmund wall
the city of beautiful nonsense by e. temple thurston
greater britain by charles wentworth dilke
against the current by edward a. steiner
international law by george grafton wilson and george fox tucker
the poetical works of james beattie by james beattie
traditions and hearthside stories of west cornwall second series
the queer the quaint and the quizzical by frank h. stauffer
albrecht by arlo bates
half a hundred hero tales by various
the hero of panama by f. s. brereton
the history of sulu by najeeb m. saleeby
america volume iii (of 6) by joel cook
blazing arrow by edward s. ellis
the human boy and the war by eden phillpotts
the country house by alexis de ch?auneuf
king arthur in cornwall by william howship dickinson
wyoming by edward sylvester ellis
quintus oakes by charles ross jackson
theodore watts-dunton by james douglas
the brownie of bodsbeck and other tales vol. ii (of 2) by james hogg
van eyck by james cyril m. weale
the old pike by thomas b. searight
the treaty of waitangi by t. lindsay buick
the diary of a saint by arlo bates
a legend of reading abbey by charles macfarlane
history of the catholic church in paterson n.j. by charles a. shriner
the panama canal by frederic jennings haskin
a spanish anthology by various
life of thomas ?ecket by henry hart milman
how to catalogue a library by henry benjamin wheatley
ann arbor tales by karl edwin harriman
john marvel assistant by thomas nelson page
the champagne standard by mrs. john lane
the road builders by samuel merwin
wild heather by l. t. meade
dick merriwell abroad by burt l. standish
general bounce by g. j. whyte-melville
the spell of flanders by edward neville vose
betty leicester's christmas by sarah orne jewett
the golden bough third edition vol. 3 of 12 by james george frazer
puvis de chavannes by francois crastre
the art of logical thinking by william walker atkinson
the golden bough by george gibbs
bolax by josephine culpeper
baseball joe in the central league by lester chadwick
with the jud?s in the palestine campaign by john henry patterson
copper work by augustus f. rose
the marne by edith wharton
manual of references and exercises in economics by frank a. fetter
smith college stories by josephine dodge daskam
the terms of surrender by louis tracy
the red rugs of tarsus by helen davenport gibbons
the spirit of america by henry van dyke
ragna by anna miller costantini
life of kit carson by charles burdett
dick merriwell's trap by burt l. standish
the cloud by sartell prentice
old tavern signs by fritz august gottfried endell
gold and incense by mark guy pearse
scribner's magazine volume 26 july 1899 by various
the history of prostitution by william w. sanger
the yellow book by henry harland
the yellow book by henry harland
the lure of the mississippi by d. lange
dick merriwell's pranks by burt l. standish
benton of the royal mounted by ralph s. kendall
the barrier by allen french
automobile biographies by lyman horace weeks
dynamic thought by william walker atkinson
christmas-tide by elizabeth harrison
dave fearless and the cave of mystery by roy rockwood
introducing the american spirit by edward a. steiner
the victorious attitude by orison swett marden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 1 by various
the visions of dom francisco de quevedo villegas
the australian army medical corps in egypt by james w. barrett
the stones of paris in history and letters volume i (of 2)]
the confounding of camelia by anne douglas sedgwick
philippines past and present (volume 2 of 2) by dean conant worcester
the maker of rainbows by richard le gallienne
the pioneer woodsman as he is related to lumbering
friar tuck by robert alexander wason
a collection of rare and curious tracts on witchcraft
arethusa by f. marion crawford
a select collection of old english plays (11 of 15) by w. carew hazlitt
adventures of ulysses the wanderer by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
camping by alexandra g. lockwine
the boston cooking-school magazine vol. xv no. 2
urania by camille flammarion
whitman's ride through savage lands by oliver woodson nixon
cyrano de bergerac by edmond rostand
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1668
the ship in the desert by joaquin miller
the microscope by andrew ross
the law of the north (originally published as empery
the debatable land by arthur colton
mark tidd editor by clarence buddington kelland
the story of a thousand-year pine by enos a. mills
mpuke our little african cousin by mary hazelton wade
our little hindu cousin by blanche mcmanus
our little irish cousin by mary hazelton wade
history of the city of brooklyn and kings county by stephen ostrander
the outdoor chums in the forest by quincy allen
the book of curiosities by i. platts
poems by elinor jenkins
the united seas by robert w. rogers
let us follow him by henryk sienkiewicz
the starling by norman macleod
the sabbath at home by silas m. andrews
money by andrew murray
frank merriwell's athletes by burt l. standish
the light keepers by james otis
notes and queries number 220 january 14 1854 by various
on the mexican highlands by william seymour edwards
sir christopher wren by lucy phillimore
telling fortunes by cards by mohammed ali
glimpses of three coasts by helen hunt jackson
pabo the priest by s. baring-gould
paths of judgement by anne douglas sedgwick
salem chapel v.1/2 by mrs. oliphant
motor boat boys' river chase by louis arundel
jeppe on the hill by ludvig holberg
a cup of sweets that can never cloy by elizabeth semple
the rocky mountain wonderland by enos a. mills
the trail of the seneca by james a. braden
poems by john william draper
dooryard stories by clara dillingham pierson
notes and queries number 137 june 12 1852 by various
the spell of the rockies by enos a. mills
illogical geology by george mccready price
salem chapel v. 2/2 by mrs. oliphant
ireland under the tudors volume i (of ii) by richard bagwell
frank merriwell's champions by burt l. standish
the entire diary of samuel pepys from january 1660 to may 1669
the journal to stella by jonathan swift
for the white christ by robert ames bennet
your mind and how to use it by william walker atkinson
the red window by fergus hume
bill biddon trapper by edward s. ellis
english narrative poems by various
christopher columbus and how he received and imparted the
the town by leigh hunt
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume 4 (of 10)
the young marooners on the florida coast by f. r. goulding
the tyranny of tears by charles haddon chambers
the spirit lake massacre by thomas teakle
contrasted songs by marian longfellow
the boy scouts at the panama canal by john henry goldfrap
the letters of jane austen by jane austen
mari our little norwegian cousin by mary hazelton wade
the diary of john evelyn volume ii (of 2) by john evelyn
history of ancient art by franz von reber
the boy scouts at the panama-pacific exposition by howard payson
third annual report of the kensington parochial institute by anonymous
abolitionism exposed! by w. w. sleigh
early western travels 1748-1846 v. 27 by various
the king of the mountains by edmond about
windows a book about stained & painted glass by lewis f. day
frank before vicksburg by harry castlemon
frank on the prairie by harry castlemon
the boy scouts' mountain camp by john henry goldfrap
april fools by w. f. chapman
the dull miss archinard by anne douglas sedgwick
the yellowstone national park by hiram martin chittenden
the first capture by harry castlemon
biographical outlines by anonymous
atchoo! by george niblo
the templeton teapot by grace cooke strong
american forest trees by henry h. gibson
for the honor of randall by lester chadwick
through scandinavia to moscow by william seymour edwards
the violet book by willis boyd allen
rebel women by evelyn sharp
pike & cutlass by george gibbs
a young inventor's pluck by arthur m. winfield
the spring of the year by dallas lore sharp
louise chandler moulton by lilian whiting
the founder of new france by charles w.colby
with sully into the sioux land by joseph mills hanson
the making of a prig by evelyn sharp
tom slade on the river by percy k. fitzhugh
the nursery july 1881 vol. xxx no. 1 by various
the nursery august 1881 vol. xxx no. 2 by various
the nursery september 1881 vol. xxx no. 3 by various
the nursery october 1881 vol. xxx no. 4 by various
the nursery november 1881 vol. xxx no. 5 by various
the nursery december 1881 vol. xxx no. 6 by various
eli and sibyl jones by rufus matthew jones
summer by dallas lore sharp
gypsy verses by helen hay whitney
the silver poppy by arthur stringer
motor boat boys down the danube by louis arundel
the rescue by anne douglas sedgwick
seventy years on the frontier by alexander majors
winter by dallas lore sharp
our little dutch cousin by blanche mcmanus
our little turkish cousin by mary hazelton wade
studies on the legend of the holy grail by alfred nutt
the camp fire girls at the end of the trail by margaret vandercook
german philosophy and politics by john dewey
on a donkey's hurricane deck by r. pitcher woodward
on the history of gunter's scale and the slide rule
a pilgrimage to nejd vol. 2 [of 2] by anne blunt
history of linn county iowa by luther a. brewer and barthinius l. wick
the fall of the year by dallas lore sharp
world's progress vol. i (of x) by various and the delphian society
mooswa & others of the boundaries by w. a. fraser
riding and driving for women by belle beach
the articles of faith by james e. talmage
your national parks by enos a. mills and laurence f. schmeckebier
laperouse by ernest scott
the south pole vols. 1 and 2 by roald amundsen
adventures while preaching the gospel of beauty
the southern south by albert bushnell hart
the comet and other verses by irving sidney dix
antiquities of the mesa verde national park: cliff palace
lone pine by richard baxter townshend
with the indians in the rockies by james willard schultz
in greek waters by g. a. henty
popery by edward hoare
in beaver world by enos abijah mills
the san rosario ranch by maud howe
love among the ruins by warwick deeping
the story of scraggles by george wharton james
the girl from the big horn country by mary ellen chase
the communion and communicant by edward hoare
a hundred and seventy chinese poems by various
the christian mother by maria eliza hoare
the history of johnny qu?enus by willam combe
the gist of japan by r. b. peery
the calendar and other verses by irving sidney dix
america volume iv (of 6) by joel cook
the life and letters of lafcadio hearn volume 1 by elizabeth bisland
the life and letters of lafcadio hearn volume 2 by elizabeth bisland
mount rainier by various
rise and fall of the confederate government volume 2
industrial arts design by william h. varnum
the salem witchcraft the planchette mystery and modern spiritualism
early western travels 1748-1846 (volume xxvi) by various
peter of new amsterdam by james otis
facts and fictions of life by helen h. gardener
the cleverdale mystery or the machine and its wheels by w. a. wilkins
sermons of christmas evans by christmas evans and joseph cross
of the capture of ticonderoga by ethan allen
children's stories in american history by henrietta christian wright
the spirit of the links by henry leach
an essay on the principle of population by thomas malthus
the new hand-book to lowestoft and its environs by anonymous
the cruise of a schooner by albert w. harris
on the red chalk of england by thomas wiltshire
the mystic mid-region by arthur j. burdick
caleb west master diver by f. hopkinson smith
crimes of charity by konrad bercovici
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xii by william faux
the breath of the gods by sidney mccall
the cozy lion by frances hodgson burnett
the stones of paris in history and letters volume ii (of 2)
narrative of the suffering and defeat of the north-western
motors by james slough zerbe
round the corner in gay street by grace s. richmond
the wilderness castaways by dillon wallace
the aristocracy of london: part i: kensington by anonymous
the pirate by sir walter scott
our national forests by richard h. douai boerker
stories of the lifeboat by frank mundell
grit a-plenty by dillon wallace
historic adventures by rupert s. holland
the philippine islands 1493-1898: volume xxxi 1640 by diego aduarte
vathek by william beckford
the eight-oared victors by lester chadwick
misrepresentative women by harry graham
growing up by jennie m. drinkwater
sea stories by various
great events in the history of north and south america
the animal world a book of natural history by theodore wood
the passing of the storm and other poems by alfred castner king
justin wingate ranchman by john h. whitson
goya by fr. crastre
the kingdom of slender swords by hallie erminie rives
historic events of colonial days by rupert s. holland
colonel washington by archer butler hulbert
the religious persecution in france 1900-1906
alcohol and the human brain by joseph cook
aunt jimmy's will by mabel osgood wright
rise of rail-power in war and conquest 1833-1914 by edwin a. pratt
the coming of cassidy--and the others by clarence e. mulford
the face of the fields by dallas lore sharp
colloquies on society by robert southey
a history of the early part of the reign of james the second
housekeeping in old virginia by marion cabell tyree
heroines of service by mary rosetta parkman
owen glyndwr and the last struggle for welsh independence
the philippine islands 1493-1898: volume xxxii 1640 by diego aduarte
the truth of christianity by william harry turton
the motor boys by clarence young
barbara rebell by marie belloc lowndes
facts and fancies in modern science by john william dawson
the college freshman's don't book by george fullerton evans
catalogue of messrs blackwood and sons' publications by various
convenient houses by louis henry gibson
1000 mythological characters briefly described by edward s. ellis
punch or the london charivari january 5th 1895 by various
a five years' residence in buenos ayres by george thomas love
the two magics: the turn of the screw & covering end by henry james
outwitting the hun by pat o'brien
the romany rye by george borrow
general william booth enters into heaven & other poems by vachel lindsay
familiar studies of men and books by robert louis stevenson
tales and fantasies by robert louis stevenson
american independence and the french revolution by s. e. winbolt
new york sketches by jesse lynch williams
the campers out by edward s. ellis
the book of the ladies by pierre de bourdeille brantme
historic inventions by rupert s. holland
talks to farmers by charles haddon spurgeon
blackthorn farm by arthur applin
a marriage under the terror by patricia wentworth
god and the king by marjorie bowen
box and cox by john maddison morton
abraham lincoln by william eleroy curtis
trails through western woods by helen fitzgerald sanders
the honey-pot by countess barcynska
indoor and outdoor recreations for girlslina beard and adelia b. beard
dramatic romances by robert browning
excursions and poems by henry david thoreau
letters of samuel rutherford by samuel rutherford
the art of illustration by charles haddon spurgeon
the story of scotch by enos a. mills
memoirs of the dukes of urbino volume i (of 3) by james dennistoun
william penn by rupert s. holland
the adopted daughter by elizabeth sandham
the common spiders of the united states by james henry emerton
private letters of edward gibbon (1753-1794) volume 1 (of 2)
the deacon by horace c. dale
a little girl in old san francisco by amanda minnie douglas
extinct monsters by h. n. hutchinson
in the open by stanton davis kirkham
a history of american literature since 1870 by fred lewis pattee
the steam engine explained and illustrated (seventh edition)
in to the yukon by william seymour edwards
the mother's nursery songs by thomas hastings
the lady of lynn by walter besant
camping on the st. lawrence by everett t. tomlinson
the lonely stronghold by mrs. baillie reynolds
the outdoor chums in the big woods by quincy allen
funny epitaphs by arthur wentworth eaton
the last christmas tree by james lane allen
a jar of honey from mount hybla by leigh hunt
the golden bowl complete by henry james
the boy craftsman by a. neely hall
scott greenwood catalogue of special technical works
the civil war through the camera by henry william elson
the cross and crown by t. d. curtis
fletcher of saltoun by g. w. t. omond
experiments on animals by stephen paget
across patagonia by lady florence dixie
matins by francis sherman
pride and prejudice by jane austen
sixty years in southern california 1853-1913 by harris newmark
the hero of the people by alexandre dumas
god by t. d. curtis
history of epidemics in britain (volume i of ii) by charles creighton
the mesmerist's victim by alexandre dumas
the joys of being a woman by winifred kirkland
an idyll of all fools' day by josephine daskam bacon
the gilded man by clifford smyth
the colonies 1492-1750 by reuben gold thwaites
across america by james f. rusling
a source book for mediaeval history by oliver j. thatcher
pompeii its life and art by august mau
recollections of a long life by john stoughton
regulations for the establishment and government
a german deserter's war experience by anonymous
the unmasking of robert-houdin by harry houdini
the works of christopher marlowe vol. 2 (of 3) by christopher marlowe
the brighton boys in the trenches by james r. driscoll
exotics and retrospectives by lafcadio hearn
the shinto cult by milton spenser terry
the motor boys overland by clarence young
a modern telemachus by charlotte m. yonge
the christian year by john keble
wives and daughters by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
ruth by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
north and south by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
the countess of charny by alexandre dumas (pere)
true tales of mountain adventures by mrs. aubrey le blond
distributive justice by john augustine ryan
the myth in marriage by alice hubbard
fables and fabulists: ancient and modern by thomas newbigging
swords reluctant by max pemberton
much ado about peter by jean webster
the story of my life volumes 4-6 by augustus j. c. hare
talks on the study of literature by arlo bates
notes and queries number 166 january 1 1853 by various
notes and queries number 169 january 22 1853 by various
notes and queries number 173 february 19 1853 by various
notes and queries number 175 march 5 1853 by various
notes and queries number 176 march 12 1853 by various
notes and queries number 178 march 26 1853 by various
the worn doorstep by margaret sherwood
the gay gnani of gingalee by florence huntley
buck peters ranchman by clarence e. mulford and john wood clay
living on a little by caroline french benton
mary and i by stephen return riggs
the mystery of the clasped hands by guy boothby
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 2 by hubert howe bancroft
unveiling a parallel by alice ilgenfritz jones and ella marchant
lord randolph churchill by winston spencer churchill
notes and queries number 240 june 3 1854 by various
notes and queries number 241 june 10 1854 by various
notes and queries number 242 june 17 1854 by various
notes and queries number 243 june 24 1854 by various
semiramis by edward peple
the stories of el dorado by frona eunice wait
austria by frederick shoberl
chicago satan's sanctum by l. o. curon
love in a cloud by arlo bates
the critique of pure reason by immanuel kant
journals of dorothy wordsworth vol. i (of 2) by dorothy wordsworth
journals of dorothy wordsworth vol. ii (of 2) by dorothy wordsworth
lachmi bai rani of jhansi by michael white
the andes of southern peru by isaiah bowman
bright ideas for entertaining by mrs. herbert b. linscott
english conferences of ernest renan by ernest renan
rambles in brittany by francis miltoun
a thousand ways to please a husband by louise bennett weaver
montessori elementary materials by maria montessori
mildred keith by martha finley
wild life near home by dallas lore sharp
america volume 6 (of 6) by joel cook
in the grip of the mullah by f. s. brereton
wagner as i knew him by ferdinand christian wilhelm praeger
one hundred books famous in english literature by grolier club
the oriental republic of uruguay at the world's columbian exhibition
philosophy and the social problem by will durant
the blue dragon by kirk munroe
fur farming for profit by hermon basil laymon
the influence of the stars by rosa baughan
the paris sketch book of mr. m. a. titmarsh: the irish
the expositor's bible: the first book of kings by f. w. farrar
recollections of the civil war by charles a. dana
the guardians of the columbia by john harvey williams
the shadow of victory by myrtle reed
arius the libyan by nathan chapman kouns
rambles in normandy by francis miltoun
the collected writing of thomas de quincey vol. ii
the mystery of mary stuart by andrew lang
parenthood and race culture by caleb williams saleeby
memoirs of robert-houdin ambassador author and conjurer
the standard light operas by george upton
angel unawares by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the good wolf by frances hodgson burnett
the doctor's christmas eve by james lane allen
the conquest by eva emery dye
plotinos: complete works v. 1 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 2 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 3 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 4 by plotinos (plotinus)
horsemanship for women by theodore hoe mead
rambles on the riviera by francis miltoun
frank forester by herbert strang
a rainy june and other stories by ouida
a manual of wood carving by charles g. leland
songs of action by arthur conan doyle
friarswood post-office by charlotte m. yonge
prophetical educational and playing cards
a new century of inventions by james white
masters in art part 32 v. 3 august 1902: giotto by anonymous
brittany by mortimer menpes and dorothy menpes
standard paper-bag cookery by emma paddock telford
the survey of london by john stow
rowlandson's oxford by a. hamilton gibbs
the house with sixty closets by frank samuel child
the weird orient by henry iliowizi
bible animals; by j. g. wood
the shadow of life by anne douglas sedgwick
the riddle of the universe at the close of the
st. nicholas by george h. mcknight
macaulay's life of samuel johnson by thomas babington macaulay
the house of the white shadows by benjamin leopold farjeon
the sea shore by william s. furneaux
the folk-tales of the magyars by various
the history of the british post office by joseph clarence hemmeon
social problems in porto rico by fred k. fleagle
in unfamiliar england by thomas dowler murphy
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston and k. rangachari
venice by dorothy menpes
old boston taverns and tavern clubs by samuel adams drake
around the yule log by willis boyd allen
chaucer's works volume 5 (of 7) -- notes to the canterbury
the crest of the continent by ernest ingersoll
baseball joe on the giants by lester chadwick
george fox by george fox
consumers and wage-earners by j. elliot ross
the expert maid-servant by cristine terhune herrick
george eliot's life vol. ii (of 3) by george eliot
george eliot's life vol. iii (of 3) by george eliot
transactions of the american society of civil engineers
history of the jews vol. i (of 6) by heinrich graetz
history of the jews vol. ii (of 6) by heinrich graetz
marie tarnowska by annie vivanti
rumanian bird and beast stories by anonymous
theoretical ethics by milton valentine
the criminal imbecile by henry herbert goddard
the heroine by eaton stannard barrett
griselda by wilfrid scawen blunt
the hundredth chance by ethel m. dell
archology and the bible by george a. barton
the alternative by george barr mccutcheon
mary queen of scots in history by c. a. campbell
agnes of sorrento by harriet beecher stowe
the boy patrol on guard by edward s. ellis
devota by augusta evans wilson
a young man's year by anthony hope
meissonier by henri barbusse
total per cent lambing rules by thomas boylan
the chief of the ranges by h. a. cody
outlines of english history by john charles curtis
the dead secret by wilkie collins
coaching with anecdotes of the road by william pitt lennox
selected works of voltairine de cleyre by voltairine de cleyre
biographia epistolaris volume 2 by samuel taylor coleridge
witty pieces by witty people by various
'the system' as uncovered by the san francisco graft
not without thorns by mrs. molesworth
the wood-pigeons and mary by mrs. molesworth
white turrets by mrs. molesworth
the third miss st. quentin by mrs. molesworth
tell me a story by mrs. molesworth
sweet content by mrs. molesworth
lectures on the philosophy of the human mind (vol. 1 of 3)
a bevy of girls by l .t. meade
david's little lad by l. t. meade
dumps - a plain girl by l.t. meade
amethyst by christabel r. coleridge
silverthorns by mrs. molesworth
the children of the castle by mrs. molesworth
jasper by mrs. molesworth
the laurel walk by mrs. molesworth
lettice by mrs. molesworth
mary by mrs. molesworth
that girl in black by mrs. molesworth
the girl and her fortune by l. t. meade
three girls from school by l. t. meade
a sweet girl graduate by l. t. meade
the little school-mothers by l. t. meade
jill: a flower girl by l. t. meade
a london baby by l. t. meade
a ring of rubies by l. t. meade
scamp and i by l. t. meade
the squire's little girl by l. t. meade
turquoise and ruby by l. t. meade
a world of girls by l. t. meade
waynflete by c. r. coleridge
the romance of the colorado river by frederick s. dellenbaugh
the constant prince by christobel coleridge
cartouche by frances peard
the career of claudia by frances peard
donna teresa by frances peard
an interloper by frances peard
thorpe regis by frances peard
unawares by frances peard
the swing of the pendulum by frances peard
kingsworth by c. r. coleridge
two studios by frances peard
an artist's letters from japan by john la farge
hugh crichton's romance by c. r. coleridge
shaving made easy by anonymous
how to know the ferns by frances theodora parsons
hathercourt by mrs. molesworth
philippa by mrs. molesworth
prentice hugh by f. m. peard
walking shadows by alfred noyes
chaucerian and other pieces by various
samuel boyd of catchpole square by b. l. (benjamin leopold) farjeon
the last tenant by benjamin leopold farjeon
multiplied blessings by edward hoare
kensington notting hill and paddington by an old inhabitant
the motor boys in mexico by clarence young
is the devil a myth? by c. f. wimberly
scenes and characters from the works of charles dickens
in the track of r. l. stevenson and elsewhere in old france
english economic history by various
zut and other parisians by guy wetmore carryl
the boy patrol around the council fire by edward sylvester ellis
the ceramic art by jennie j. young
the lyon in mourning vol. 1 by robert forbes
the world's best poetry volume ix: of tragedy: of humour by various
poetry: a magazine of verse volume i by various
legends of the bastille by frantz funck-brentano
princes and poisoners by frantz funck-brentano
the adventures of franois by s. weir mitchell
a madeira party by s. weir mitchell
the epic of saul by william cleaver wilkinson
little playfellows: by unknown
our little canadian cousin by elizabeth roberts macdonald
an enquiry concerning the principles of morals by david hume
the expansion of europe by ramsay muir
two expeditions into the interior of southern australia vol. 2
our little english cousin by blanche mcmanus
yellow thunder our little indian cousin by mary hazelton wade
tessa our little italian cousin by mary hazelton wade
domesday book and beyond by frederic william maitland
the mentor: holland v. 2 num. 6 serial no. 58 by dwight elmendorf
pittsburgh in 1816 by various
the perambulations of a bee and a butterfly by elizabeth sandham
the works of alexander pope volume 2 (of 10) by alexander pope
cakes & ale by edward spencer
the correspondence of madame princess palatine mother of the
criminal prosecution and capital punishment of animals
father thrift and his animal friends by joseph charles sindelar
the third volume by fergus hume
wanderings of french ed by joseph ren
the riddle and the ring by gordon maclaren
the kingdom of god is within you by count leo tolstoy
lord lyons: a record of british diplomacy by thomas wodehouse
the wonder book of volcanoes and earthquakes by edwin j. houston
the lost faith by t. s. childs
the life of jefferson davis by frank h. alfriend
harper's young people november 2 1880 by various
the domestic life of thomas jefferson compiled from family
jack hardy by herbert strang
the pig brother and other fables and stories by laura e. richards
history of the jews vol. iii (of 6) by heinrich graetz
the fair god by lew wallace
the bird by jules michelet
other world; or glimpses of the supernatural (vol. i of ii)by various
other world; or glimpses of the supernatural (vol. ii of ii) various
effects of the corn laws by thomas malthus
importation of foreign corn by thomas malthus
nature and progress of rent by thomas malthus
a chain of evidence by carolyn wells
harper's young people november 9 1880 by various
how canada was won by f. s. brereton
how marcus whitman saved oregon by oliver w. nixon
candy-making at home by mary m. wright
our little hungarian cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
the kingdom of god is within you / christianity and
gulf and glacier by willis boyd allen
measuring tools by unknown
aunt jane by jennette lee
the story of rolf and the viking's bow by allen french
harper's young people november 16 1880 by various
appletons' popular science monthly december 1898 by various
through glacier park by mary roberts rinehart
blackfeet tales of glacier national park by james willard schultz
seaward by richard hovey
the days of my life by mrs. oliphant
ethics and modern thought by rudolf eucken
herbs and apples by helen hay whitney
the empress frederick; a memoir by anonymous
the kingdom of god is within you what is art by lyof n. tolstoi
life of mozart vol. 1 (of 3) by otto jahn
life of mozart vol. 2 (of 3) by otto jahn
life of mozart vol. 3 (of 3) by otto jahn
insomnia; and other disorders of sleep by henry m. lyman
jiglets by walter jones
off santiago with sampson by james otis
old mole by gilbert cannan
francisco our little argentine cousin by eva cannon brooks
jean our little australian cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
our little finnish cousin by clara vostrovsky winlow
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 17 slice 1 by various
harper's young people november 23 1880 by various
shakespeare as a dramatic artist by richard g. moulton
arden of feversham by anonymous and thomas kyd
white heather (volume i of 3) by william black
white heather (volume ii of 3) by william black
white heather (volume iii of 3) by william black
second annual report of the kensington church of england
the settler by herman whitaker
a pickle for the knowing ones by lord timothy dexter
baseball joe in the world series by lester chadwick
the popular story of blue beard by charles perrault and john h. hall
ninth annual report of the st. mary abbott's kensington church
our little hawaiian cousin by mary hazelton wade
lay help the church's present need by william baird
how music developed by w. j. henderson
the laurel health cookery by evora bucknum perkins
a counterfeit presentment and the parlour car by william dean howells
english poor law policy by sidney webb and beatrice webb
harper's young people november 30 1880 by various
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of lincoln by a. f. kendrick
a book of bryn mawr stories by various
cruise of the 'alert' by r. w. coppinger
pharais and the mountain lovers by fiona macleod and william sharp
the depot for prisoners of war at norman cross huntingdonshire
the gypsy queen's vow by may agnes fleming
the social significance of the modern drama by emma goldman
the five knots by fred m. white
congregationalism in the court suburb by john stoughton
around the world in seven months by charles j. gillis
trans-himalaya vol. 1 (of 2) by sven hedin
the ambassadors by henry james
graining and marbling by frederick maire
a century of christian service by c. silvester horne
narrative of the life and adventures of paul cuffe a
an account of valle crucis abbey llangollen by anonymous
the eddy by clarence l. cullen
the motor boys across the plains by clarence young
our little polish cousin by florence e. mendel
making a tennis court by george e. walsh
old picture books by alfred w. pollard
commentary on the maya manuscript in the royal public
the writings of henry david thoreau volume vi familiar
the catholic world vol. x october 1869 by various
cremorne and the later london gardens by warwick wroth
vegetable garden anonymous and reprinted from the farmer's cyclopedia
what's your hurry? by george niblo
none so deaf as those who won't hear by herbert pelham curtis
historic girlhoods by rupert s. holland
immortal songs of camp and field by louis albert banks
a diplomat in japan by ernest mason satow
the philosophy of life and philosophy of language in a
detection of the common food adulterants by edwin m. bruce
our little scotch cousin by blanche mcmanus
the illustrated key to the tarot by l. w. de laurence
trans-himalaya vol. 2 (of 2) by sven hedin
sky island by l. frank baum
the bible of bibles by kersey graves and lydia m. graves
letters to an unknown by prosper mrime
selections from early middle english 1130-1250: part ii: notes
i mary maclane by mary maclane
the sandman's hour by abbie phillips walker
fifth report of the vestry of the parish of chelsea [1860-1]
a dissertation upon roast pig by charles lamb
ethnological results of the point barrow expedition by john murdoch
bobby in search of a birthday by lebbeus mitchell
the mother of washington and her times by sara agnes rice pryor
a commentary to kant's 'critique of pure reason' by norman kemp smith
carpentry and woodwork by edwin w. foster
an introduction to entomology: vol. i (of 4)
an introduction to entomology: vol. iii (of 4)
an introduction to entomology: vol. iv (of 4)
horses past and present by walter gilbey
fruits of the hawaiian islands by gerrit parmile wilder
our little jewish cousin by mary hazelton wade
princeton stories by jesse lynch williams
the life of isaac ingalls stevens volume i (of 2) by hazard stevens
the life of isaac ingalls stevens volume ii (of 2) by hazard stevens
the adventures of sammy jay by thornton w. burgess
a history of art for beginners and students by clara erskine clement
woodworking for beginners by charles gardner wheeler
builders of united italy by rupert sargent holland
the great frozen sea by albert hastings markham
castles and chateaux of old navarre and the basque provinces
memoirs of harriette wilson volumes one and two by harriette wilson
human life by sherwood sweet knight
peeps at many lands: ireland by katharine tynan
my friend annabel lee by mary maclane
the survey volume xxx number 1 april 5 1913 by various
the vice bondage of a great city or the wickedest city
the royal life guard by alexander dumas (pre)
by-ways of war by james jeffrey roche
our little cuban cousin by mary hazelton wade
our little roumanian cousin by clara vostrovsky winlow
our little swedish cousin by claire m. coburn
our little swiss cousin by mary hazelton wade
the quiver 2/1900 by various
simpson's chelsea pimlico brompton and knightsbridge
over the front in an aeroplane and scenes inside the french
the memoirs of general w. t. sherman complete by william t. sherman
beyond good and evil by friedrich nietzsche
in darkest africa vol. 1; or the quest rescue and retreat
in darkest africa vol. 2; or the quest rescue and retreat
the works of samuel johnson ll.d. in nine volumes volume the second
vision and creed of piers ploughman volume i of ii
vision and creed of piers ploughman volume ii of ii
myths and legends of ancient egypt by lewis spence
a simple explanation of modern banking customs by humphrey robinson
java facts and fancies by augusta de wit
german emperor as shown in his public utterances by christian gauss
poeta de tristibus: or the poet's complaint by anonymous
ned in the block-house by edward s. ellis
our young aeroplane scouts in germany by horace porter
eothen by a. w. kinglake
the literature and history of new testament times
wednesday the tenth a tale of the south pacific by grant allen
the history of the catnach press by charles hindley
summary narrative of an exploratory expedition to the sources
appletons' popular science monthly february 1899 by various
the story of mary maclane by mary maclane
nelly's first schooldays by josephine franklin
the quiver annual volume 1899 by various
the adventures of a modest man by robert w. chambers
the business of life by robert w. chambers
wounds in the rain by stephen crane
willis's current notes no. xvi april 1852 by various
a history of chinese literature by herbert a. giles
the boy spies with the regulators by james otis
life's basis and life's ideal by rudolf eucken
the child's rainy day book by mary white
a burlesque translation of homer by thomas bridges
natural man by arthur b. moss
songs of sea and sail by thomas fleming day
with the world's great travellers volume iv by various
the carpet from bagdad by harold macgrath
mrs. wiggs of the cabbage patch by alice c. hegan
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xiv by edwin james
cyrus w. field; his life and work by isabella field judson
pictures in umbria by katharine sarah macquoid
the gnomes of the saline mountains by anna goldmark gross
the twin ventriloquists by old sleuth
with porter in the essex by james otis
a little girl in old pittsburg by amanda m. douglas
gardens of the caribbees vol. 1 of 2 by ida may hill starr
gardens of the caribbees vol. 2 of 2 by ida may hill starr
expeditions of zebulon montgomery pike volume i (of 3)
expeditions of zebulon montgomery pike volume ii (of 3)
expeditions of zebulon montgomery pike volume iii (of 3)
ruth erskine's son by pansy
a gentleman-at-arms by herbert strang
natural philosophy by wilhelm ostwald
my religion by leo tolstoy
tom fairfield's schooldays by allen chapman
favorite fish and fishing by james alexander henshall
little books about old furniture. volume ii. the period
sarah dillard's ride by james otis
little bessie the careless girl by josephine franklin
mary's little lamb by edith francis foster
benjamin franklin and the first balloons by abbott lawrence rotch
woodstock by clarence winthrop bowen
myths and dreams by edward clodd
every-day science: volume vii. the conquest of time and space
men of the old stone age by henry fairfield osborn
english and scottish ballads volume viii (of 8) by various
the story of the hills by h. n. hutchinson
white wings volume i (of 3) by william black
white wings volume ii (of 3) by william black
white wings volume iii (of 3) by william black
our little french cousin by blanche mcmanus
our little german cousin by mary hazelton wade
our little japanese cousin by mary hazelton wade
lumen by camille flammarion
poison romance and poison mysteries by c. j. s. thompson
scientific studies by henry dircks
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi no. 6 october 1908 by various
lafayette we come! by rupert s. holland
life of chopin by franz liszt
roughing it in the bush by susanna moodie
franklin's way to wealth by benjamin franklin
the boy chums cruising in florida waters by wilmer m. ely
catalogue of books on philately in the public library of
in the morning glow by roy rolfe gilson
child life in colonial days by alice morse earle
running fox by elmer russell gregor
farm engines and how to run them by james h. stephenson
american missionary -- volume 39 no. 11 november 1885 by various
billy whiskers' travels by f. g. wheeler
the boy chums in the florida jungle by wilmer m. ely
the grim house by mrs. molesworth
alila our little philippine cousin by mary hazelton wade
bunyan's pilgrim's progress by samuel phillips day
sleep and its derangements by william a. hammond
the blue-grass region of kentucky by james lane allen
old coachman's chatter with some practical remarks on driving
antoine of oregon by james otis
florence nightingale the angel of the crimea by laura e. richards
history of the jews vol. iv (of vi) by heinrich graetz
our little siamese cousin by mary hazelton wade
sometub's cruise on the c. & o. canal by john pryor cowan
a dreadful temptation by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
practical italian recipes for american kitchens
nothing but the truth by frederic s. isham
the motor rangers through the sierras by marvin west
one irish summer by william eleroy curtis
original photographs taken on the battlefields during the civil war
the british woodlice by wilfred mark webb and charles sillem
william e. burton: actor author and manager by william l. keese
the wonderful wizard of oz by l. frank baum
the sorceress of rome by nathan gallizier
the scandinavian element in the united states
plague by thomas wright jackson
the devil-tree of el dorado by frank aubrey
the sea-beach at ebb-tide by augusta foote arnold
the cynic's word book by ambrose bierce
practical psychomancy and crystal gazing by william walker atkinson
appletons' popular science monthly by various
the life savers by james otis
a journey in southeastern mexico by henry howard harper
the lost cabin mine by frederick niven
the seven darlings by gouverneur morris
the real jefferson davis by landon knight
stories of the old world by alfred john church
wanted: a cook by alan dale
chaucer for children by mrs. h. r. haweis
domitia by sabine baring-gould
the trail of the badger by sidford f. hamp
stories from the iliad by h. l. havell
caleb wright by john habberton
the airedale by williams haynes
tom fairfield at sea by allen chapman
antique works of art from benin by augustus henry lane-fox pitt-rivers
the fatal dowry by philip massinger and nathaniel field
feudal england -- historical studies on the eleventh
mind and body by william walker atkinson
our little danish cousin by luna may innes
thirty years on the frontier by robert mcreynolds
juliette drouet's love-letters to victor hugo
the adventures of billy topsail by norman duncan
through the yukon gold diggings by josiah edward spurr
worcestershire in the nineteenth century by t. c. turberville
the truth about opium by william h. brereton
legal chemistry by a. naquet
the works of john dryden now first collected in
profitable stock exchange investments by henry voorce brandenburg
zoological illustrations or original figures and descriptions
an apology for the life of mr. colley cibber volume i (of 2)
wanderings in ireland by michael myers shoemaker
the sin and danger of self-love by robert cushman
the aquarian gospel of jesus the christ by levi h. dowling
meccania by owen gregory
the trail boys on the plains by jay winthrop allen
sudden jim by clarence budington kelland
madonna mary by mrs. oliphant
the count of the saxon shore by alfred john church
green fire by fiona macleod
appletons' popular science monthly january 1899 by various
ruth of boston by james otis
the holy roman empire by james bryce
school credit for home work by lewis raymond alderman
the expositor's bible: the book of daniel by f. w. farrar
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume iv by hubert howe bancroft
the arabian nights volume iii (of 4) by anonymous
the confession of a fool by august strindberg
the growth of a soul by august strindberg
the son of a servant by august strindberg
the strand magazine volume xxvii january 1904 no. 157 by various
a jay of italy by bernard capes
lady sybil's choice by emily sarah holt
the duel by a. i. kuprin
silver chimes in syria by w. s. nelson
the histories of polybius vol. i (of 2) by polybius
the histories of polybius vol. ii (of 2) by polybius
fresh fields by john burroughs
the girl warriors by adene williams
lord lyons: a record of british diplomacy vol. 2 of 2
the great american pie company by ellis parker butler
red head and whistle breeches by ellis parker butler
penelope: or love's labour lost vol. 2 of 3 william pitt scargill
london in the sixties by one of the old brigade
soldier rigdale by beulah marie dix
nautical charts by g. r. putnam
white dandy; or master and i by velma caldwell melville
the myths and fables of to-day by samuel adams drake
the friends by unknown
the red tavern by charles raymond macauley
on the seaboard by august strindberg
trees every child should know by julia ellen rogers
boys' second book of inventions by ray stannard baker
boys of the light brigade by herbert strang
flower o' the peach by perceval gibbon
the reality of war by stewart l. murray
the military adventures of johnny newcome by david roberts
the red cross in peace and war by clara barton
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xx by various
the hive by will levington comfort
a history of the inquisition of spain; vol. 4 by henry charles lea
the angel of pain by e. f. benson
italian highways and byways from a motor car by francis miltoun
dominie dean by ellis parker butler
the revolt by ellis parker butler
those times and these by irvin s. cobb
old judge priest by irvin s. cobb
boat-building and boating by daniel carter beard
the birth of the nation by mrs. roger a. pryor
on yachts and yacht handling by thomas fleming day
the miraculous medal by jean marie aladel
memoirs of the dukes of urbino volume ii (of 3) by james dennistoun
old taverns of new york by william harrison bayles
william dwight whitney by thomas day seymour
the americans as they are by charles sealsfield
famous houses and literary shrines of london by a. st. john adcock
mars and its mystery by edward sylvester morse
my adventures with your money by george graham rice
harper's young people december 7 1880 by various
recollections of the war of 1812 by william dunlop
the life and adventures of ben hogan the wickedest man in the world
reminiscences of glass-making by deming jarves
if youth but knew! by agnes castle and egerton castle
a king of tyre by james m. ludlow
the bruce by john barbour
tom fairfield in camp by allen chapman
candy medication by bernard fantus
twenty years in europe by samuel h. m. byers
appletons' popular science monthly march 1899 by various
plays by august strindberg fourth series by august strindberg
the deserter and other stories by harold frederic
a. d. 2000 by alvarado m. fuller
corleone by f. marion crawford
the bungalow boys north of fifty-three by dexter j. forrester
the mentor january 15 1917 serial no. 123 by elizabeth lounsbery
the flying death by samuel hopkins adams
the great american fraud by samuel hopkins adams
prehistoric man by w. l. h. duckworth
curialia miscellanea or anecdotes of old times; regal nobel
the shadow by arthur stringer
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 68 no. 417
grme by albert keim
minimum gauge railways by arthur heywood
classical enigmas adapted to every month in the year by anne ritson
wonderful development of peter the great's pet projects
master reynard by jane fielding
dastral of the flying corps by rowland walker
amenities of book-collecting and kindred affections by a. edward newton
the mentor: walter scott vol. 4 num. 15 serial no. 115
handy war guide for my company by andr godefroy lionel hanguillart
natural history by anonymous
a dialogue in hades by james johnstone chevalier de johnstone
brothers of peril by theodore goodridge roberts
the science and philosophy of the organism by hans driesch
the arts and crafts of older spain volume i of 3 by leonard williams
the arts and crafts of older spain volume ii of 3 by leonard williams
the arts and crafts of older spain volume iii of 3 by leonard williams
the boy chums in the gulf of mexico by wilmer m. ely
at the court of the amr by john alfred gray
child labor in city streets by edward nicholas clopper
stoneheart by gustave aimard
adrift in the unknown by william wallace cook
papers and proceedings of the twenty-third general meeting
narrative of the operations of a detachment in an expedition to candy
a thousand years of jewish history by maurice henry harris
the world's great sermons volume 04 by various
the sea rovers by rufus rockwell wilson
italian days and ways by anne hollingsworth wharton
the arch-satirist by frances de wolfe fenwick
the world's great sermons volume 5: guthrie to mozley by various
world's great sermons volume 6: h. w. beecher to punshon by various
mother nature's toy-shop by lina beard and adelia b. beard
the world's great sermons volume 7: hale to farrar by various
military schools and courses of instruction in the science
the queen of the savannah by gustave aimard
the world's great sermons volume 9: cuyler to van dyke by various
tom fairfield's hunting trip by allen chapman
tools and materials illustrating the japanese method
lee and longstreet at high tide by helen d. longstreet
carleton's condensed classical dictionary by george w. carleton
red and white by emily sarah holt
under one sceptre or mortimer's mission by emily sarah holt
the first man-carrying aeroplane capable of sustained free flight:
trooper 3809 by lionel decle
life aboard a british privateer in the time of queen anne
making a poultry house by mary roberts conover
hints on dairying by t. d. curtis
the dare boys in virginia by stephen angus cox
the other side of evolution by alexander patterson
the home by charlotte perkins gilman
dodo volumes 1 and 2 by edward frederic benson
whip and spur by george e. waring
history of civilization in england vol. 1 of 3 by henry thomas buckle
history of civilization in england vol. 2 of 3 by henry thomas buckle
history of civilization in england vol. 3 of 3 by henry thomas buckle
love songs by sara teasdale
every-day science: volume vi. the conquest of nature
the ocean wireless boys on the pacific by wilbur lawton
selections from the kur-an by edward william lane
report on the plans of the various railways before the examiners
points of humour part i of ii by anonymous
pamphlets and parodies on political subjects by william hone
jack sheppard vol. i of iii by w. harrison ainsworth
jack sheppard vol. ii of iii by w. harrison ainsworth
the boyhood of jesus by anonymous
the secret of the earth by charles willing beale
georgian folk tales by unknown
the rt. hon. john bright m.p.; cartoons from the collection
appletons' popular science monthly april 1899 by various
the last entry by william clark russell
polly by thomas nelson page
the englishman in china during the victorian era vol. ii
letters of samuel taylor coleridge vol. i of 2
letters of samuel taylor coleridge vol. ii of 2
history of the kingdom of siam by francois henri turpin
a comprehensive history of norwich by a. d. bayne
points of humour part 1 of 2 by anonymous
points of humour part ii (of ii) by anonymous
the entail by john galt
the stoneground ghost tales by e. g. swain
problems of genetics by william bateson
the boy mechanic book 2 by various
diplomatic days by edith o'shaughnessy
a tale of two tunnels by william clark russell
harper's young people december 14 1880 by various
harper's young people december 28 1880 by various
harper's young people january 18 1881 by various
beyond the marne by henriette cuvru-magot
martha of california by james otis
the little maid of israel by emma howard wight
the northfield tragedy by joseph hanson
siam: its government manners customs &c. by n. abraham mcdonald
mary of plymouth by james otis
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 68 no. 420 october 1850
in the day of giants by abbie farwell brown
the golf courses of the british isles by bernard darwin
sweden by victor nilsson
true ghost stories by hereward carrington
plantation reminiscences by letitia m. burwell
the indians of the painted desert region by george wharton james
nineteenth century questions by james freeman clarke
the seashore book by e. boyd smith
from a swedish homestead by selma lagerlf
the dare boys with general greene by stephen angus cox
held to answer by peter clark macfarlane
the mosaic history of the creation of the world by thomas wood
brother billy by frances maragret fox
boer war lyrics by louis selmer
the funny bone by henry martyn kieffer
memoirs of the duchesse de dino vol. 2 of 3 1836-1840
the last boer war by h. rider haggard
harper's young people january 4 1881 by various
with the swamp fox by james otis
harper's young people january 11 1881 by various
a latin grammar for schools and colleges by george m. lane
the houseboat book by william f. waugh
secret service by cyrus townsend brady
john leech's pictures of life and character volume iii of iii
things a boy should know about electricity
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. i:
jack in the rockies by george bird grinnell
speeches of benjamin harrison by benjamin harrison
the pilgrims' way from winchester to canterbury by julia cartwright
story of the bible animals by j. g. wood
life of wm. tecumseh sherman by w. fletcher johnson
pearse's commercial directory to swansea and the neighbourhood
reminiscences of a prisoner of war and his escape
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 april 13 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 april 20 1895 by various
the norwich directory [1802] by thomas peck
harper's young people january 25 1881 by various
the exiles of faloo by barry pain
packing and portaging by dillon wallace
the pillars of the house vol. ii of 2 by charlotte m. yonge
the boy spies of philadelphia by james otis
appletons' popular science monthly november 1899 by various
wanderings in corsica vol. 1 of 2 by ferdinand gregorovius
kinship and social organisation by w. h. r. rivers
the passenger pigeon by various
memorabilia mathematica by robert edouard moritz
nabul our little egyptian cousin by blanche mcmanus
the library of work and play: housekeeping by elizabeth hale gilman
an introduction to the prose and poetical works
training for the trenches by leslie vickers
devonshire by francis a. knight and louie m. (knight) dutton
the life of george cruikshank vol. i of ii by blanchard jerrold
the life of george cruikshank vol. ii of ii by blanchard jerrold
my sketch book by george cruikshank
superstition in medicine by hugo magnus
the world on wheels and other sketches by benjamin franklin taylor
the red and the black by stendhal
the witch hypnotizer by zena a. maher
library of work and play: home decoration by charles franklin warner
harper's young people february 1 1881 by various
a manual for teaching biblical history by eugene kohn
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 may 4th 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 may 11th 1895 by various
the way to abolish slavery by charles stearns
california by mary austin
'round the year in myth and song by florence holbrook
the library of work and play: needlecraft by effie archer archer
richard wagner his life and his dramas by w. j. henderson
harper's young people february 8 1881 by various
perpetual motion by percy verance
the golden bough (third edition vol. 12 of 12) by james george frazer
strange teas dinners weddings and fetes by various
an account of the beaked whales of the family ziphiidae
the motor boys afloat by clarence young
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 may 18th 1895 by various
the thames by g. e. mitton
aids to reflection by samuel taylor coleridge
the book of ballads by various
benjamin disraeli the earl of beaconsfield k. g. by john leech
the law by frdric bastiat
little golden's daughter by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
a little tour in ireland by s. reynolds hole
chats in the book-room by horace n. pym
stanley in africa by james p. boyd
christ legends by selma lagerlf
kathleen's diamonds by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
under the witches' moon by nathan gallizier
rada by alfred noyes
devotional poetry for the children by various
time and its measurement by james arthur
the mark of cain by carolyn wells
three years in western china by alexander hosie
the evolution of culture by augustus henry lane-fox pitt-rivers
robert tournay by william sage
a little candy book for a little girl by amy l. waterman
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 may 25 1895 by various
letters from an old railway official by charles delano hine
great cities of the united states
the discovery of the future by herbert george wells
a man's world by albert edwards
appletons' popular science monthly may 1899 by various
the boy scouts through the big timber by herbert carter
the drama of love and death by edward carpenter
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 april 6 1895 by various
the diary of a freshman by charles macomb flandrau
the story of a confederate boy in the civil war by david e. johnston
works of the right honourable john earl of rochester by john wilmot
the autobiography of parley parker pratt by parley parker pratt
grammar of the new zealand language (2nd edition) by robert maunsell
blottentots and how to make them by john prosper carmel
outlines of educational doctrine by john frederick herbart
the law of civilization and decay by brooks adams
descriptive analyses of piano works by edward baxter perry
bow-wow and mew-mew by georgiana m. craik
margaret brown's french cookery cook by margaret brown
the normans by sarah orne jewett
the last of the flatboats by george cary eggleston
harper's young people february 15 1881 by various
harper's young people february 22 1881 by various
captives among the indians by james smith francesco
myths and legends of the mississippi valley and the great lakes
children of the soil by henryk sienkiewicz
harper's young people december 21 1880 by various
harper's young people march 1 1881 by various
allied cookery by grace glergue harrison and gertrude clergue
the motor boys in strange waters by clarence young
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 july 6 1895 by various
a short history of rhode island by george washington greene
early american poetry 1610-1820 by new york public library
battles of the civil war by thomas elbert vineyard
peeps at many lands--india by john finnemore
the recollections of a drummer-boy by harry m. kieffer
stray pebbles from the shores of thought by elizabeth porter gould
a history of roman literature by harold north fowler
the complete poems of sir john davies volume 2 of 2 by john davies
the secret memoirs of bertha krupp by henry w. fischer
colonel thomas blood by wilbur cortez abbott
harper's young people march 8 1881 by various
alcoholic fermentation by arthur harden
the pioneer trail by alfred lambourne
the complete cynic by oliver herford ethel watts mumford
that last waif by horace fletcher
library of work and play: working in metals by charles conrad sleffel
general smith's views of the powers and policy of the
the logs of the serapis-allance-ariel under the command
with rod and line in colorado waters by lewis b. france
bernard brooks' adventures by horatio alger jr
a boy trooper with sheridan by stanton p. allen
the four corners abroad by amy ella blanchard
chaucer's works volume 3 of 7 by geoffrey chaucer
the boy scouts on the trail by herbert carter
a.b.c. of snap shooting by horace fletcher
the principal species of wood: their characteristic properties
fifty notable years by john g. adams
hebrew humor and other essays by joseph chotzner
menticulture by horace fletcher
mental philosophy: including the intellect sensibilities and will
the great small cat and others by may e. southworth
a little girl in old washington by amanda m. douglas
my first mission by george q. cannon
south wind by norman douglas
three acres and liberty by bolton hall
ambrose gwinett by douglas william jerrold
notes on old peterborough by andrew percival
the call of the east by thurlow fraser
new house that jack built by l. whitehead
lincoln in caricature by rufus rockwell wilson
life and adventures of 'billy' dixon by billy dixon
library of work and play: mechanics indoors and out by fred t. hodgson
notes on collecting and preserving natural-history objects
history of the jews vol. v of 6 by heinrich graetz
punch or the london charavari volume 93 october 8 1887 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 108 february 9 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 108 february 16 1895
punch or the london charivari volume 108 february 23 1895
punch or the london charivari volume 108 march 2nd 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 108 march 9th 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 148 january 13th 1915
punch or the london charivari volume 148 january 20th 1915
the whirl by foxcroft davis
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume xxxv 1640-1649 by various
in the heart of the christmas pines by leona dalrymple
punch or the london charivari volume 108 february 2 1895 by various
the life of francis thompson by everard meynell
p. t. barnum's menagerie by p. t. barnum and sarah j. burke
beautiful ferns by daniel cady eaton
the anglo-saxon century by john dos passos
nuggets of the new thought by william walker atkinson
the children's book of thanksgiving stories by various
appletons' popular science monthly june 1899 by various
thoughts on life and religion by friedrich max mller
the story of slavery by booker t. washington
the works of william shakespeare (cambridge edition in 9 volumes)
studies of travel - greece by edward a. freeman
the helpers by francis lynde
he comes up smiling by charles sherman
myths & legends of babylonia & assyria by lewis spence
learn to invent first steps for beginners young and old by s. e. clark
on your mark! by ralph henry barbour
weatherby's inning by ralph henry barbour
the way to the west by emerson hough
the house of the lord by james e. talmage
the life of the bee by maurice maeterlinck
harper's young people march 15 1881 by various
the library of work and play: outdoor work by mary rogers miller
the overall boys in switzerland by eulalie osgood grover
sinopah the indian boy by james willard schultz
how robin hood once was a wait by rowland gibson hazard
the autobiography of a thief by hutchins hapgood
palaeography by bernard quaritch
vacation days in greece by rufus b. richardson
americana ebrietatis by hewson l. peeke
red as a rose is she by rhoda broughton
the invention of the track circuit by american railway association
heraldry for craftsmen & designers by william henry st. john hope
the boy aviators in record flight by wilbur lawton
burritt college centennial celebration by charles lee lewis
among the esquimaux by edward s. ellis
harper's young people march 22 1881 by various
harper's young people march 29 1881 by various
the bible for young people by anonymous
harper's young people april 5 1881 by various
tales of our coast by s. r. crockett harold frederic gilbert
fallen fortunes by evelyn everett-green
putumayo the devil's paradise by walter hardenburg and
novanglus and massachusettensis by john adams and jonathan sewall
the call of the south by robert lee durham
the works of john marston by john marston
legends of the pike's peak region by ernest whitney
charles sumner; his complete works volume 1 of 20 by charles sumner
motion picture operation stage electrics and illusions
the blind brother by homer greene
after prison - what? by maud ballington booth
magic stage illusions and scientific diversions including
early western travels 1748-1846 volume 21 by various
popular british ballads ancient and modern vol. 2 of 4 by various
popular british ballads ancient and modern vol. 3 of 4 by various
popular british ballads ancient and modern vol. 4 of 4 by various
the long patrol by h. a. cody
the winepress by christine beals
overland expedition of the messrs. jardine by frank jardine
how to know the ferns by s. leonard bastin
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. ii: acadia 1612-1614
the life & letters of peter ilich tchaikovsky by modeste tchaikovsky
the bungalow boys in the great northwest by john henry goldfrap
the tale of two bad mice by beatrix potter
the pansy magazine january 1886 by various
the pansy magazine march 1886 by various
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 5 by hubert howe bancroft
the seven ages of childhood by jessie willcox smith and carolyn wells
american indian fairy tales by anonymous
the wonderful one-hoss-shay by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the history of the devils of loudun volumes i-iii by unknown
the a b c of mining by charles a. bramble
an american hobo in europe by ben goodkind
riverby by john burroughs
the norwegian fjords by a. heaton cooper
portraits of curious characters in london &c. &c. by anonymous
footprints of former men in far cornwall by robert s. hawker
serbian folk-lore by anonymous
from north carolina to southern california without a ticket
the young o'briens by margaret westrup
harper's young people april 12 1881 by various
the motor boys in the clouds by clarence young
summer days in shakespeare land by charles g. harper
harper's young people april 19 1881 by various
the library of work and play: electricity and its everyday uses
harper's young people april 26 1881 by various
the practical ostrich feather dyer by alexander paul
wager of battle by henry william herbert
harper's young people may 3 1881 by various
the master key by l. frank baum
french dishes for american tables by pierre caron
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 march 16 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 october 26 1895 by various
appletons' popular science monthly july 1899 by various
the adventurous life of a versatile artist: houdini by harry houdini
the old world and its ways by william jennings bryan
all about dogs by charles henry lane
prairie-dog town by laura bancroft
the book of fables and folk stories by horace e. scudder
winter by anonymous
the life of sir humphrey davy bart. ll.d. volume 1 of 2
the girls of friendly terrace by harriet lummis smith
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 november 2nd 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 november 9th 1895 by various
the flying horseman by gustave aimard
pickett's gap by homer greene
the pansy magazine april 1886 by various
the pansy magazine may 1886 by various
the pansy magazine june 1886 by various
the pansy magazine july 1886 by various
composition by arthur dow
broke by edwin a. brown
the north pacific by willis boyd allen
handbook of freethought by various
gods and heroes by r. e. francillon
the religio-medical masquerade by frederick william peabody
the quest of the historical jesus by albert schweitzer
taking the bastile by alexander dumas (pere)
guilds in the middle ages by george renard
english illustration 'the sixties': 1855-70 by gleeson white
s. w. partridge catalogue of popular illustrated books 1904
mosby's war reminiscences by john singleton mosby
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 16th november 1895 various
a camera actress in the wilds of togoland by meg gehrts
jack the young explorer by george bird grinnell
letters from an old railway official by charles delano hine
makers of electricity by brother potamian and james joseph walsh
abraham lincoln by francis grierson
shadow the mysterious detective by police captain howard
history of julius caesar vol. 1 of 2 by napoleon iii
the wonder of war on land by francis rolt-wheeler
the love poems by mile verhaeren
the history of the revolutions of portugal by abb vertot
charles sumner; his complete works; volume 2 of 20 by charles sumner
uncle sam detective by william atherton du puy
the bible unveiled by m. m. mangasarian
bowery life by chuck connors
the raven by edgar allan poe
stories of old greece and rome by emilie kip baker
bats in the wall by p. t. raymond
on yacht sailing by thomas fleming day
lochinvar by s. r. crockett
history of the union jack and flags of the empire by barlow cumberland
lavengro by george borrow
how the other half lives by jacob a. riis
the reign of the manuscript by perry wayland sinks
dangerous connections v. 1 2 3 4 by pierre choderlos de laclos
sir gawain and the lady of lys by anonymous
experiments and observations on electricity made at
the putnam hall cadets by arthur m. winfield
the four corners in japan by amy ella blanchard
famous authors (men) by edward francis harkins
the betrayal of john fordham by b.l. (benjamin leopold) farjeon
the best man by harold macgrath
narrative of the life and travels of serjeant b---- by robert butler
history of julius caesar vol. 2 of 2 by emperor of the french
little fishers: and their nets by pansy
interrupted by pansy
the compleat bachelor by oliver onions
the christ myth by arthur drews
the art of inventing by edwin j. prindle
eighteen months in the war zone by kate john finze
the paladins of edwin the great by clements r. markham
the staying guest by carolyn wells
percy bysshe shelley by john addington symonds
barry lyndon by william makepeace thackeray
pappina the little wanderer by katherine wallace davis
the pansy magazine february 1886 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 150 may 24 1916 by various
on old-world highways by thomas dowler murphy
the song of the rappahannock by ira seymour dodd
the convolvulus by allen norton
the motor boys over the rockies by clarence young
betty's happy year by carolyn wells
tracks and tracking by josef brunner
woman church & state by matilda joslyn gage
the story of the nations: portugal by h. morse stephens
jack ranger's gun club by clarence young
the seven curses of london by james greenwood
auld lang syne by various
reflections on the rise and fall of the ancient republicks
a woman's hardy garden by helena rutherfurd ely
the four corners by amy ella blanchard
mr. dide his vacation in colorado by lewis b. france
the history of the confederate war its causes and its conduct
little pilgrimages among the men who have written famous books
redskin and cow-boy by george alfred henty
deadwood dick jr. branded by ed. l. wheeler
history of the prophet joseph by his mother by lucy smith
south america to-day by georges clemenceau
the curved blades by carolyn wells
the old maids' club by israel zangwill
the story of the munsters by mrs victor rickard
bird guide: land birds east of the rockies by chester albert reed
charles sumner; his complete works volume iii (of 20)
vesper talks to girls by laura anna knott
japan by various
punch or the london charivari volume 107 october 6 1894 by various
lady penelope by morley roberts
mildred and elsie by martha finley
jack ballington forester by john trotwood moore
the life of albert gallatin by henry adams
the camp fire girls amid the snows by margaret vandercook
the mystery of the downs by john r. watson
girls new and old by l. t. meade
life and adventures of frank and jesse james by j. a. dacus
the boy scouts along the susquehanna by herbert carter
prison poetry by hiram peck mcknight
punch or the london charivari volume 107 september 15 1894
flower guide by chester a. reed
gray youth by oliver onions
my mamie rose by owen kildare
mr. poskitt's nightcaps by j. s. fletcher
friendship and folly by maria louise pool
the adventures of kimble bent by james cowan
the arrival of jimpson by ralph henry barbour
jack the young trapper by george bird grinnell
the memorials of the hamlet of knightsbridge by henry george davis
the last american frontier by frederic l. (frederic logan) paxson
the life of rossini by henry sutherland edwards
spring notes from tennessee by bradford torrey
montrose by mowbray morris
uncle sam by albert mathews
jack the young ranchman by george bird grinnell
the boy aviators with the air raiders by wilbur lawton
the happy average by brand whitlock
some persons unknown by e. w. hornung
the chaplain of the fleet by walter besant and james rice
transactions of the american society of civil engineers
contributions from the museum of history and technology
catalogue of the gallery of art of the new york
a change of air by anthony hope
our little brazilian cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
london by walter besant
abc - butter making by fredrick s. burch
a source book in american history to 1787 by various
society manners and politics in the united states by michael chevalier
games and songs of american children by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol. v no. xxv june 1852 by various
mr. sweet potatoes and other stories by anonymous
the international magazine vol. iv. new-york
chats on old clocks by arthur hayden
the works of aphra behn volume vi by aphra behn
the washington historical quarterly volume v 1914 by various
beaumont & fletcher's works (6 through 10) by francis beaumont
the little brown jug at kildare by meredith nicholson
gallery of comicalities by robert cruikshank
new york times current history: the european war vol. 8
their majesties as i knew them by xavier paoli
the german classics of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries
a battle fought on snow shoes by mary cochrane rogers
winged wheels in france by michael myers shoemaker
in vanity fair by eleanor hoyt brainerd
momus triamphans: or the plagiaries of the english stage
a select collection of old english plays; originally published
jose: our little portuguese cousin by edith augusta sawyer
the golden book of the dutch navigators by hendrik willem van loon
the house of defence volume 1 by e. f. benson
the house of defence volume 2 by e. f. benson
elsie and her namesakes by martha finley
a glossary of words used in the country of wiltshire
over periscope pond by esther sayles root and marjorie crocker
a chesterton calendar by g. k. chesterton
insect adventures by j. henri fabre and louise seymour hasbrouck
an advanced english grammar with exercises by george lyman kittredge
cressy and poictiers by john george edgar
basalmo the magician by alexander dumas
essays in rationalism by charles robert newman
the impossibilities of anarchism by george bernard shaw
ways of war and peace by delia austrian
the abc of cooking by adelin balch coit
dracula by bram stoker
the ocean wireless boys on war swept seas by wilbur lawton
our little persian cousin by e. cutler shedd
our little russian cousin by mary hazelton wade
spencer's letters by orson spencer
up the orinoco and down the magdalena by h. j. mozans
bjrnstjerne bjrnson by william morton payne
aristotle by george grote
legends of the city of mexico by thomas a. janvier
the lenape stone by h. c. mercer
chelsea by george bryan
the smugglers by charles g. harper
lucian's true history by lucian of samosata
the tourist's guide through the country of caernarvon by p. b. williams
the spider's web by reginald wright kauffman
a fleet in being by rudyard kipling
pretty geraldine the new york salesgirl by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
the 'ayesha' being the adventures of the landing squad
english coast defences by george clinch
homes and haunts of the most eminent british poets
scott's lady of the lake by walter scott
william gilbert and terrestial magnetism in the time
soldiering in north carolina by thomas kirwan
the world of homer by andrew lang
studies of travel: italy by edward a. freeman
the cathedral towns and intervening places of england irelans
origin of cultivated plants by alphonse de candolle
grif by benjamin leopold farjeon
the mahogany tree by william makepeace thackeray
the voyage of the deutschland by paul knig
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi september 1908 no. 5 by various
rab and his friends and other papers by john brown
the gasoline motor by harold whiting slauson
the history of the 51st (highland) division 1914-1918
appletons' popular science monthly august 1899 by various
reliques of ancient english poetry volume i of 3 by thomas percy
reliques of ancient english poetry volume ii of 3 by thomas percy
reliques of ancient english poetry volume iii of 3 by thomas percy
elsie yachting with the raymonds by martha finley
abc of gardening by eben eugene rexford
ten years in the ranks u.s. army by augustus meyers
the small house at allington by anthony trollope
ancient society by lewis henry morgan
charles sumner; his complete works vols. 4-20 by charles sumner
abc of electricity by william henry meadowcroft
open that door! by robert sturgis ingersoll
south america observations and impressions by james bryce
the organism as a whole by jacques loeb
mildred at home by martha finley
day and night stories by algernon blackwood
the art of the book by bernard h. newdigate douglas cockerell
ken ward in the jungle by zane grey
rowlandson the caricaturist. first volume by joseph grego
rowlandson the caricaturist. second volume by joseph grego
the boy allies in the baltic by robert l. drake
to nuremberg and back by amy neally
bobby blake on the school nine by frank a. warner
the boy aviators on secret service by wilbur lawton
darwinism and race progress by john berry haycraft
bohemia under hapsburg misrule by various
our little cossack cousin by f. a. postnikov
our little porto rican cousin by mary hazelton wade
peru in the guano age by alexander james duffield
neighbors unknown by charles g. d. roberts
red fox by charles g. d. roberts
the black tortoise by frederick viller
our young aeroplane scouts in russia by horace porter
the room with the tassels by carolyn wells
the privy purse expenses of king henry viii from november
elsie's journey on inland waters by martha finley
the moving picture boys and the flood by victor appleton
famous american belles of the nineteenth century
the finished mystery by charles taze russell
loyola and the educational system of the jesuits by thomas hughes
the garden of swords by max pemberton
the khaki boys at camp sterling by josephine chase
of walks and walking tours by arnold haultain
vitus bering: the discoverer of bering strait by peter lauridsen
the sidereal messenger of galileo galilei by galileo galilei
dynamite stories by hudson maxim
the kindred of the wild by charles g. d. roberts
our little arabian cousin by blanche mcmanus
vasco our little panama cousin by h. lee m. pike
the boy allies on the north sea patrol by robert l. drake
sonia between two worlds by stephen mckenna
twos and threes by g. b. stern
abc of vegetable gardening by eben eugene rexford
the boy allies with the terror of the seas
two tragedies of seneca by lucius annaeus seneca
of the injustice of counterfeiting books by emanuel kant
the classic myths in english literature and in art
manual of taxidermy by charles johnson maynard
sebastian bach by reginald lane poole
the judgment books by edward frederic benson
the secret life by elizabeth bisland
stories of exile by various
the octoroon by dion boucicault
a little pilgrimage in italy by olave m. potter
secrets of the sword by csar lecat de bazancourt
private journal of henry francis brooke by henry francis brooke
trooper bluegum at the dardanelles by oliver hogue
in the name of liberty by owen johnson
the vitality of 'mormonism' by james e. talmage
an american girl in munich by mabel w. daniels
the girl in industry by d. j. collier
the story of the atlantic cable by charles bright
the playwork book by ann macbeth
gudrun by mary pickering nichols
early western travels 1748-1846 by various
the dark ages by l
canada in flanders volume i of 3 by lord max aitken beaverbrook
the religion of ancient scandinavia by sir william alexander craigie
henry ford's own story by rose wilder lane
the story of the pullman car by joseph husband
the copperhead by harold frederic
pablo de segovia the spanish sharper by francisco de quevedo
the motor boys over the ocean by clarence young
perseverance island by douglas frazar
garden cities of to-morrow by ebenezer howard
history of the fan by george woolliscroft rhead
the autobiography of a clown by isaac frederick marcosson
six cups of coffee by maria parloa catherine owen
the book of princes and princesses by leonora blanche lang
the riverpark rebellion by homer greene
the child in the midst by mary schauffler labaree
where no fear was by arthur christopher benson
the last ditch by will levington comfort
two in a zoo by curtis dunham and oliver herford
the book of daniel unlocked by w. s. auchincloss
history of the zulu war by a. wilmot
british royal proclamations relating to america 1603-1783 by various
fishing with floating flies by samuel g. camp
fathers of men by e. w. hornung
a tale of the tow-path by homer greene
the history of the confederate war its causes and its conduct
the knights of the round table by william henry frost
flower of the gorse by louis tracy
germany in war time by mary ethel mcauley
letters from the holy land by elizabeth butler
elsie's young folks in peace and war by martha finley
stories of robin hood by bertha e. bush
the pan-german programme by anonymous
an accidental honeymoon by david potter
conquest by marie carmichael stopes
a new witness for god volume 1 of 3 by b. h. roberts
jack among the indians by george bird grinnell
the retreat from mons by anonymous
the covenant of salt by henry clay trumbull
carriages & coaches by ralph straus
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. iii: acadia
an unsinkable titanic by john bernard walker
niobe all smiles by harry paulton and edward a. paulton
the life and times of col. daniel boone hunter soldier and pioneer
it never can happen again by william de morgan
the life of george stephenson and of his son
our little austrian cousin by florence e. mendel
the boy's book of new inventions by harry e. maule
with the black prince by william osborn stoddard
guingamor lanval tyolet bisclaveret by marie de france
some notes on early woodcut books with a chapter on
the british expedition to the crimea by william howard russell
a history of the cambridge university press by s. c. roberts
the iron rule by t. s. arthur
the thorn in the nest by martha finley
friends of france by various
pilgrim sorrow by carmen sylva
songs from the smoke by madeleine sweeny miller
mark tidd in business by clarence b. kelland
the journal of leo tolstoi (first volume--1895-1899) by leo tolstoi
church bells by h. b. walters
oxford and its story by cecil headlam
the treasure of pearls by gustave aimard
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xvi by various
the motor-bus in war by a. m. beatson
looking back by merrick abner richardson
stories from northern myths by emilie kip baker
jack the young canoeman by george bird grinnell
selina by george madden martin
germany's dishonoured army by prof. j. h. morgan
the immigrant tide its ebb and flow by edward a. steiner
with the french flying corps by carroll dana winslow
the first canadians in france by f. mckelvey bell
toledo. the story of an old spanish capital by hannah lynch
riding and driving by edward l. anderson and price collier
a journal of the reign of queen victoria from 1837 to 1852
a journal of the reign of queen victoria from 1837 to 1852
the works of john marston by john marston
vital records of the town of auburn (formerly ward) massachusetts
wulnoth the wanderer by herbert escott-inman
punch cartoons of the great war by various
the soul of the soldier by thomas tiplady
catholic world vol. xi april 1870-september 1870 by various
brick and marble in the middle ages by george edmund street
in the old west by george frederick ruxton
merrie england in the olden time vol. 2 of 2 by george daniel
nat goodwin's book by nathaniel c. goodwin
the man with the black feather by gaston leroux
sir quixote of the moors by john buchan
california romantic and resourceful by john f. davis
the english village community by frederic seebohm
max fargus by owen johnson
speculum amantis by various
punch or the london charivari volume 107 october 13 1894 by various
her dark inheritance by mrs. e. burke collins
our schools in war time--and after by arthur davis dean
talbot's angles by amy e. blanchard
british flags by w. g. perrin
the cruise of the lively bee by john de morgan
a practical handbook on the distillation of alcohol
human origins by samuel laing
the lead of honour by norval richardson
the submarine in war and peace by simon lake
appletons' popular science monthly september 1899 by various
the story of verona by alethea wiel
there she blows! by william hussey macy
illustrations of the family of psittacidae or parrots by edward lear
punch or the london charivari volume 107 august 25 1894 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 107 september 22 1894
revolutionary reader by sophie lee foster
the story of nuremberg by cecil headlam
harry blount the detective by t. j. flanagan
the cruise of the make-believes by tom gallon
twelve naval captains by molly elliot seawell
heidi by johanna spyri
special days and their observance by anonymous
birds' nests eggs and egg-collecting by richard kearton
petals plucked from sunny climes by sylvia sunshine
contribution to the critique of the political economy
cyclopedia of commerce accountancy business
ruskin relics by w. g. collingwood
romantic ireland; volume 1 of 2 by m.f and b. mcm. mansfield
our part in the great war by arthur gleason
the tragedy of wild river valley by martha finley
romantic ireland; volume 2 of 2 by m.f and b. mcm. mansfield
the library of work and play: guide and index by cheshire l. boone
shifts and expedients of camp life travel & exploration by w. b. lord
cyclopedia of commerce accountancy business administration
the landlord at lion's head complete by william dean howells
nasby in exile by david r. locke
in vain by henryk sienkiewicz
the little cryptogram by j. gilfin fyle
a voyage round the world from 1806 to 1812 by archibald campbell
the annual register 1914 by anonymous
inventors & inventions by henry robinson
appletons' popular science monthly vol. 56 march 1900 by various
the idea of god as affected by modern knowledge by john fiske
boy scouts on the open plains by g. harvey ralphson
calendar history of the kiowa indians (1898 n 17/
the turkish empire its growth and decay by lord eversley
our little boer cousin by luna may innes
our little eskimo cousin by mary hazleton wade
our little spanish cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
cyclopedia of commerce accountancy business
the death of the gods by dmitri mrejkowski
honest money by arthur isaac fonda
gold-seeking on the dalton trail by arthur r. thompson
a catalogue of books and announcements of methuen and
our little grecian cousin by mary f. nixon-roulet
a history of the inquisition of spain; vol. 3 by henry charles lea
encyclopedia of diet by eugene christian
how to succeed as an inventor by goodwin b. smith
the westward movement by charles lester barstow
our edible toadstools and mushrooms and how to distinguish
bird guide by chester a. reed
the conquest of rome by matilde serao
robert annys: poor priest by annie nathan meyer
the alden catalogue of choice books may 30 1889 by john b. alden
the spruce street tragedy by irvin s. cobb
whispering tongues by homer greene
mildred at roselands by martha finley
elsie's winter trip by martha finley
the wild turkey and its hunting by edward a. mcilhenny
nature books popular and scientific from the franklin
cyclopedia of commerce accountancy business
method in the study of totemism by andrew lang
the story of bruges by ernest gilliat-smith
the library assistant's manual by theodore w. koch
the demi-gods by james stephens
the rights of war and peace by hugo grotius
the crime club by william holt-white
the mystery of choice by robert william chambers
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 september 14th 1895
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 december 15th 1894
the russian opera by rosa newmarch
jack harkaway in new york by bracebridge hemyng
the snakes of europe by g. a. boulenger
center rush rowland by ralph henry barbour
by the world forgot by cyrus townsend brady
a guide to the study of fishes vol. 1 of 2 by david starr jordan
the story of london by henry b. wheatley
a list of books published by chatto & windus november 1887
sheppard lee vol. i of 2 by robert montgomery bird
sheppard lee vol. ii of 2 by robert montgomery bird
gospel philosophy by j. h. ward
tent work in palestine by claude reignier conder
sporting dogs by frank townend barton
pedagogical anthropology by maria montessori
the chronicles of newgate vol. 1 of 2 by arthur griffiths
seven wives and seven prisons or experiences in the life
a soldier of the legion by edward morlae
the wonders of life by ernst haeckel
on an irish jaunting-car by samuel g. bayne
talleyrand by joseph mccabe
william harvey by d'arcy powers
stover at yale by owen johnson
castles and chateaux of old burgundy by francis miltoun
fishing with the fly by charles f. orvis and others
a history of norwegian immigration to the united states
a ride on horseback to florence through france and switzerland
burgundy: the splendid duchy by percy allen
the passport by richard bagot
some noble sisters by edmund lee
judge elbridge by opie read
a parody anthology by carolyn wells
discourses of keidansky by bernard g. richards
australia in arms by phillip f.e. schuler
in the land of mosques & minarets by francis miltoun
appletons' popular science monthly october 1899 by various
secrets of wise men chemists and great physicians by william k. david
the believing years by edmund lester pearson
giovanni boccaccio a biographical study by edward hutton
an epitome of the history of medicine by roswell park
history of yiddish literature in the nineteenth century by leo wiener
the story of perugia by margaret symonds and lina duff gordon
a string of pearls by various
victor victorious by cecil starr johns
punch or the london charivari volume 107 september 29 1894
the methods of ethics by henry sidgwick
the chronicles of newgate vol. 2 of 2 by arthur griffiths
tennessee's partner by bret harte
lives of poets: gay etc. by samuel johnson
prison journals during the french revolution
history of the jews vol. vi of 6 by heinrich graetz
chats on japanese prints by arthur davison ficke
a chronicle history of the life and work of william
fighting the boche underground by harry davis trounce
the birds of washington vol. 1 of 2 by william leon dawson
tea drinking in 18th-century america: its etiquette and equipage
happiness as found in forethought minus fearthought by horace fletcher
pottery and porcelain from early times down to the philadelphia
the vintage by edward frederic benson
punch or the london charivari volume 107 october 27th 1894 various
why i believe in poverty by edward bok
grapes of wrath by boyd cable
a history of bohemian literature by count ltzow
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 november 10 1894 by various
clown the circus dog by a. vimar
the pioneer boys of the ohio by harrison adams
the pioneer boys on the great lakes by harrison adams
the pioneer boys on the mississippi by harrison adams
the pioneer boys on the missouri by harrison adams
the pioneer boys of the yellowstone by harrison adams
the pioneer boys of the columbia by harrison adams
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 november 17 1894 by various
lyman's history of old walla walla county vol. 1 of 2
lyman's history of old walla walla county vol. 2 of 2
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 november 24 1894 by various
william oughtred by florian cajori
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 december 8 1894 by various
souvenir album of the great european war by anonymous
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 december 29 1894 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 148 january 6 1915 by various
evolution by joseph le conte
the heart of wessex by sidney heath
rejected of men by howard pyle
frederick chopin as a man and musician vol. 1 by frederick niecks
the motor boys on the wing by clarence young
le morte darthur by thomas malory
poems volume i of 3 by george crabbe
balzac by edgar saltus
the runaway donkey and other rhymes for children by emilie poulsson
the putnam hall rivals by arthur m. winfield
the miner's friend by thomas savery
goethe and schiller by l. mhlbach
the origin of man and of his superstitions by carveth read
herbals their origin and evolution by agnes arber
the eternal boy by owen johnson
how paris amuses itself by f. berkeley smith
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 august 24 1895 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science
giordano bruno by james lewis mcintyre
the kentucky warbler by james lane allen
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xxx by joel palmer
bouvard and pcuchet byt 2 by gustave flaubert
the poem-book of the gael by various
the virgin in judgment by eden phillpotts
life and marvelous adventures of wild bill the scout by j. w. buel
the librarian at play by edmund lester pearson
flower children by elizabeth gordon
a book of cornwall by sabine baring-gould
rich man poor man by maximilian foster
the lives of the saints vol. 1 of 16 by sabine baring-gould
the johnstown flood by richard k. fox
notes to the complete poetical works of percy bysshe shelley
the story of siena and san gimignano by edmund g. gardner
ned the son of webb by william o. stoddard
little nobody by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
adam hepburn's vow by annie s. swan
the boy scouts on war trails in belgium by herbert carter
the geologic setting of the john day country by thomas prence thayer
best stories from the best book by james edson white
a rational wages system by henry atkinson
richard wagner and his poetical work by judith gautier
a soldier's experience or a voice from the ranks: showing
the guinea voyage by james field stanfield
three plays by brieux by eugne brieux
marriage as it was as it is and as it should be by annie besant
dimbie and i--and amelia by mabel barnes-grundy
in the days of queen elizabeth by eva march tappan
with the allies to pekin by george alfred henty
the book-lover by james baldwin
harry f. marks catalogue no. 4 1919 by harry f. marks
mars and its canals by percival lowell
ainslee's magazine vol. 16 no. 2 september 1905 by various
ainslee's magazine vol. 16 no. 3 october 1905 by various
cambridge by mildred anna rosalie tuker
the story of the solar system by george f. chambers
the putnam hall champions by arthur m. winfield
appletons' popular science monthly december 1899 by various
the essence of christianity by ludwig feuerbach
fletcherism by horace fletcher
the boy scouts at the battle of saratoga by herbert carter
brothers by horace annesley vachell
the ethics of the dust by john ruskin
flower of the north by james oliver curwood
yama (the pit) by alexandra kuprin
cyprus by franz von lher
years of my youth by william dean howells
mr. incoul's misadventure by edgar saltus
margaret mahaney talks about turkeys by margaret mahaney
the growth of the english constitution by edward a. freeman
a manual of clinical diagnosis by james campbell todd
writing & illuminating & lettering by edward johnston
step lively! by george niblo
pamphlets on the constitution of the united states by various
letters from a farmer in pennsylvania to the inhabitants
the message by louis tracy
fragments of earth lore by james geikie
spain by frederick albion ober
why we punctuate by william livingston klein
billy topsail m.d. by norman duncan
the american jew as patriot soldier and citizen by simon wolf
on the phenomena of hybridity in the genus homo by paul broca
poetical works of william wordsworth vol. vii by william wordsworth
myths and legends of alaska by various
an introduction to the study of meteorites by l fletcher
'boy wanted' by nixon waterman
the care of the dead by anonymous
an african millionaire by grant allen
a book of burlesque by willam davenport adams
studies of the greek poets vol. i of 2 by john addington symonds
the matabele campaign by r. s. s. baden-powell
fighting the sea by edward a. rand
john dough and the cherub by l. frank baum
the forest schoolmaster by peter rosegger
buenos ayres and the provinces of the rio de la plata
fairy tales from many lands by katherine pyle
appletons' popular science monthly january 1900 by various
appletons' popular science monthly february 1900 by various
appletons' popular science monthly april 1900 by various
schenk's theory: the determination of sex by samuel leopold schenk
steam shovels and steam shovel work by e. a. hermann
humorous hits and how to hold an audience by grenville kleiser
sevastopol by lyof n. tolsto
the human boy again by eden phillpotts
kentucky's famous feuds and tragedies by chas. g. mutzenberg
the supernatural in modern english fiction by dorothy scarborough
the idol of the blind by tom gallon
as the crow flies by walter phelps dodge
the daughter of heaven by judith gautier and pierre loti
appletons' popular science monthly may 1900 by various
letters and literary memorials of samuel j. tilden vol. 1
quintus claudius volume 1 of 2 by ernst eckstein
quintus claudius volume 2 of 2 by ernst eckstein
the black moose in pennsylvania by henry w. shoemaker
the popular science monthly june 1900 by various
the merry-go-round by w. somerset maugham
who was the commander at bunker hill? by samuel swett
studies of the greek poets vol. ii of 2 by john addington symonds
the popular science monthly july 1900 by various
the saxons by edwin davies schoonmaker
the works of lucian of samosata vol. 4 by lucian of samosata
woman and socialism by august bebel
memoir of john l. motley vol. 2 by oliver wendell holmes sr.
memoir of john l. motley vol. 3 by oliver wendell holmes sr.
mother earth's children by elizabeth gordon
sport in vancouver and newfoundland by john rogers
handbook of summer athletic sports by various
american inventions and inventors by william a. mowry
the popular science monthly august 1900 by various
old times on the upper mississippi by george byron merrick
the second dandy chater by tom gallon
the potter and the clay by maud howard peterson
the new york obelisk by charles e. moldenke
history of company k. 1st (inft) penn'a reserves
the woodcraft girls at camp by lillian elizabeth roy
the popular science monthly september 1900 by various
a country sweetheart by dora russell
favorite nursery rhymes by anonymous
barney blake the boy privateer by herrick johnstone
bird children by elizabeth gordon
the popular science monthly october 1900 by various
parzival vol. 1 of 2 by wolfram von eschenback
parzival vol. 2 of 2 by wolfram von eschenback
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the imprudence of prue by sophie fisher
the philosophy of natural theology by william jackson
new witnesses for god vol. 2 of 3 by b. h. roberts
letters and literary memorials of samuel j. tilden vol. 2
weather warnings for watchers by the clerk
michael and his lost angel by henry arthur jones
christmas stories from french and spanish writers by antoinette ogden
then and now by robert vaughn
cowley's talks on doctrine by matthias f. cowley
little masterpieces of science: health and healing by various
william sharp (fiona macleod) by elizabeth a. sharp
the tale of a tub and the history of martin by jonathan swift
three prayers and sermons by jonathan swift
fly leaves by c. s. calverley
pilots of the republic by archer butler hulbert
the boy scouts afoot in france by herbert carter
the ashtabula disaster by stephen d. peet
life of james mcneill whistler by elizabeth robins pennell
rustic speech and folk-lore by elizabeth mary wright
a discovrse of fire and salt by blaise de vigenre
for love of a bedouin maid by le voleur
the strand magazine volume vii issue 38 february 1894 by various
mrs. darrell by foxcroft davis
a bold stroke for a husband by hannah cowley
recollections of thirty-nine years in the army
the sounds of spoken english by walter rippmann
the white shield by myrtle reed
yorkshire oddities incidents and strange events by s. baring-gould
fissure of the anus and fistula in ano by lewis h. adler
the natural history of the varieties of man by robert gordon latham
early western travels 1748-1846 vol. 23 by various
sam by e. j. rath
michael faraday by j. h. gladstone
jack the young cowboy by george bird grinnell
along alaska's great river by frederick schwatka
short sixes by h. c. bunner
his maiesties declaration touching his proceedings in the
the motor boys after a fortune by clarence young
non-religion of the future: a sociological study by jean-marie guyau
vine and olive; or young america in spain and portugal
the shakespeare myth by edwin durning-lawrence
blood royal by grant allen
johnny nut and the golden goose by andrew lang and charles deulin
infatuation by lloyd osbourne
british canals by edwin a. pratt
the american journal of science and artsvolume 50
the new glutton or epicure by horace fletcher
henner by franois crastre
twenty years a detective in the wickedest city in the world
harvey's views on the use of the circulation of the blood
the putnam hall rebellion by arthur m. winfield
the panama canal by duncan e. mckinlay
the fiction factory by john milton edwards
notes on bookbinding for libraries by john cotton dana
jaros hygienic wear by i. jaros
practical skunk raising by william edwin pratt
castara by william habington
edinburgh by rosaline masson
huts in hell by daniel a. poling
middlesex by a. r. hope moncrieff
america's black and white book by william allen rogers
joyzelle by maurice maeterlinck
birds and nature vol. 9 no. 1 january 1901 by various
talks on writing english by arlo bates
birds and all nature vol. iv no. 1 july 1898 by various
how to tell stories to children by sara cone bryant
bird lore volume i 1899 by various
golden grain by various
wasps by george w. peckham and elizabeth g. peckham
desiderius erasmus of rotterdam by ephraim emerton
our pilgrim forefathers by loveday a. nelson
life and times of her majesty caroline matilda
the bishop's apron by w. somerset maugham
elsket and other stories by thomas nelson page
aunt crete's emancipation by grace livingston hill
precious memories by various
lillian morris and other stories by henryk sienkiewicz
a satire anthology by various
a lamp to the path by w. k. tweedie
human bullets by tadayoshi sakurai
bonnie scotland by a. r. hope moncrieff
the wizard's son vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the wizard's son vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the wizard's son vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the putnam hall encampment by arthur m. winfield
birds and nature vol. 11 no. 1 january 1902 by various
the story of a country town by edgar watson howe
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. iv by various
country rambles and manchester walks and wild flowers leo h. grindon
clothing and health by helen kinne and anna m. cooley
memorials of the life of amelia opie by cecilia lucy brightwell
deering of deal by latta griswold
the eternal feminine by carolyn wells
illustrations of exotic entomology volume 1 by dru drury
the belle's stratagem by hannah cowley
the relief of chitral by george john younghusband and
safar nameh persian pictures by gertrude bell
when sarah went to school by elsie singmaster
the saddle boys at circle ranch by james carson
edinburgh under sir walter scott by w. t. fyfe
fenelon's treatise on the education of daughters by franois fnelon
a lady of rome by f. marion crawford
the quest for a lost race by thomas e. pickett
birds and nature vol. 9 no. 5 may 1901 by various
birds and nature vol. 11 no. 5 may 1902 by various
the woman gives by owen johnson
a year in europe by walter w. moore
famous indian chiefs by charles h. l. johnston
poetical works of william wordsworth vol. 6 of 8
the monster by edgar saltus
six girls and bob by marion ames taggart
harper's young people may 10 1881 by various
mr. oseba's last discovery by george w. bell
harper's young people may 17 1881 by various
harper's young people may 24 1881 by various
shameless wayne by halliwell sutcliffe
american book-plates by charles dexter allen
harper's young people may 31 1881 by various
lancaster's choice by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
glimpse at guatemala by anne cary maudslay
odette's marriage by albert delpit
harper's young people june 7 1881 by various
encyclopedia of diet vol. 4 of 5 by eugene christian
through the gates of old romance by w. jay mills
masters in art part 79 volume 7 july 1906: ingres by anonymous
harper's young people june 14 1881 by various
english heraldic book-stamps by cyril davenport
the works of william shakespeare [cambridge edition] vol. 7 of 9
southern hearts by florence hull winterburn
the island of enchantment by justus miles forman
minnesota by william watts folwell
different modes of cultivating the pine-apple by john claudius loudon
harper's young people june 21 1881 by various
defense of the faith and the saints vol. 1 of 2 by b. h. roberts
graham's magazine vol. 41 no. 1 july 1852 by various
harper's young people june 28 1881 by various
the bull calf and other tales by a. b. frost
from the australian front by anonymous
captain ravenshaw by robert neilson stephens
the wyndam girls by marion ames taggart
campfire and battlefield by rossiter johnson
theocritus bion and moschus by theocritus bion and moschus
wanderlust by robert rice reynolds
a history of england by charles oman
birds and all nature vol. 5 no. 1 january 1899 by various
a manual of philippine birds by richard mcgregor
three hundred things a bright boy can do by anonymous
the dates of variously-shaped shields by george grazebrook
the cornish coast (south) by charles g. harper
stories of heroic deeds for boys and girls by james johonnot
sargossa by benito prez galds
mirk abbey vol. 1 of 3 by james payn
mirk abbey vol. 2 of 3 by james payn
mirk abbey vol. 3 of 3 by james payn
the dreadnought boys on battle practice by john henry goldfrap
battle of the crater and experiences of prison life
a list of educational works published by methuen & company
the story of the crusades by e. m. wilmot-buxton
the rock of the lion by molly elliot seawell
brief lives vol. 1 of 2 by john aubrey
the doctor's red lamp by various
the works of william cowper
brief lives vol. 2 of 2 by john aubrey
recollections with the third iowa regiment by seymour dwight thompson
coal and candelight and other verses by helen parry eden
under csars' shadow by henry francis colby
montreal 1535-1914 under the french rgime by william henry atherton
the white conquerors by kirk munroe
'abe' lincoln's anecdotes and stories by abraham lincoln
normandy by g. e. mitton
the brand by therese broderick
the knickerbocker vol. 22 no. 1 july 1843 by various
darkness and dawn by frederic w. farrar
the burgomaster of stilemonde by maurice maeterlinck
railroads: rates and regulations by william z. ripley
perpetua by sabine baring-gould
archaeological essays vol. 2 by james y. simpson
the pansy magazine august 1886 by various
birds and all nature vol. 5 no. 3 march 1899 by various
longhead: the story of the first fire by c. h. robinson
when we dead awaken by henrik ibsen
the home at greylock by elizabeth prentiss
graham's magazine vol. 41 no. 5 november 1852 by various
greenacre girls by izola l. forrester
adrift in the arctic ice pack by elisha kent kane
petrarch's letters to classical authors by francesco petrarca
smithsonian report on the construction of catalogues
chats on old earthenware by arthur hayden
james geikie by marion i. newbigin and j. s. flett
the philosophy of immanuel kant by a. d. lindsay
birds and nature vol. 12 no. 1 june 1902 by various
birds and nature vol. 12 no. 5 december 1902 by various
the brochure series of architectural illustration
the gunner's examiner by harold e. cloke
grasses by h. marshall ward
the forbidden way by george gibbs
the romance of leonardo da vinci by dmitry sergeyevich merezhkovsky
dust by julian hawthorne
touring afoot by claude powell fordyce
the old furniture book by n. hudson moore
runnymede and lincoln fair by j.g. edgar
bob by sidney lanier
harper's young people july 5 1881 by various
philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 34 of 55 by antonio pigafetta
little masterpieces of american wit and humor vol. 2 by various
brought forward by r. b. cunninghame graham
how to judge architecture by russell sturgis
on digestive proteolysis by r. h. chittenden
self knowledge and guide to sex instruction by t. w. shannon
birds and all nature vol. 5 no. 5 may 1899 by various
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 37 1669-1676 by various
the old world in the new by edward alsworth ross
the nursery book by liberty hyde bailey
korean buddhism by frederick starr
shakespeare's tragedy of romeo and juliet by william shakespeare
natural wonders by edwin tenney brewster
the hidden servants and other very old stories by francesca alexander
the talk of the town vol. 1 of 2 by james payn
the talk of the town vol. 2 of 2 by james payn
frank armstrong at college by matthew m. colton
the bases of design by walter crane
field book of western wild flowers by margaret armstrong
for the honor of the school by ralph henry barbour
race improvement or eugenics by la reine helen baker
the true life story of swiftwater bill gates by iola beebe
heroes of to-day by mary r. parkman
a renaissance courtesy-book by giovanni della casa
little mitchell by margaret w. morley
eighteenth century vignettes by austin dobson
a life for a life vol. 1 of 3 by dinah maria craik
a road-book to old chelsea by g. b. stuart
the american postal service by louis melius
arrows of the chace vol. 2 by john ruskin
the sir roger de coverley papers by various
best stories of the 1914 european war by various
birds and all nature vol. 6 no. 1 june 1899 by various
journal of entomology and zoology: vol. 6
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 5 of 20 by charles sumner
from the north foreland to penzance by clive holland
the study of elementary electricity and magnetism
facts in jingles by winifred sackville stoner
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 6 of 20 by charles sumner
early western travels 1748-1846 vol. 28 by various
the story of the thirteen colonies by hlne adeline guerber
a vers de socit anthology by various
a little garden calendar for boys and girls by albert bigelow paine
anecdotes of the manners and customs of london during the
sonnets and canzonets by a. bronson alcott
charles sumner his complete works vol. 7 of 20 by charles sumner
opuscula by robert gordon latham
the chariot of the flesh by hedley peek
history of the war in afghanistan vol. i of 3 by sir john william kaye
the white cat by gelett burgess
the fall of a nation by thomas dixon
sumerian hymns by frederick augustus vanderburgh
terry's texas rangers by leonidas b. giles
in the line of battle by various
insurgent mexico by john reed
ferdinand vandiveer hayden and the founding of the
the british state telegraphs by hugo richard meyer
early western travels 1748-1846 vol. 10 by various
french idioms and proverbs by de vinchels payen-payne
electric transmission of water power by alton d. adams
the complete works in philosophy politics and morals of the late
the adventures of two alabama boys by h. j. crumpton and
david by cale young rice
california as it is and as it may be by feliks pawel wierzbicki
life in the war zone by gertrude atherton
the boy scouts of the life saving crew by robert shaler
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 3 december 1882
the children of the valley by harriet prescott spofford
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 8 of 20 by charles sumner
practical carriage and wagon painting by mayton clarence hillick
little visits with great americans vol. 1 of 2 by various
little visits with great americans vol. 2 of 2 by various
major prophets of to-day by edwin e. slosson
six bad husbands and six unhappy wives by ella wheeler wilcox
the sabbath by andrew thomson
mary tudor queen of france by mary croom brown
memorials of old london vol. 2 of 2 by various
poganuc people by harriet beecher stowe
commentary on genesis vol. 1 by martin luther
ryerson memorial volume by j. george hodgins
hester vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
hester vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
hester vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
religious studies sketches and poems by harriet beecher stowe
a sheaf of roses by elizabeth gordon
the treasure of the humble by maurice maeterlinck
collected papers on analytical psychology by c. g. jung
a blue devil of france by g. p. capart
robinson telegraphic cipher by s. l. robinson
lincoln's love story by eleanor atkinson
early western travels 1748-1846 vol. 24 by maximilian
the blood covenant by h. clay trumbull
montreal 1535-1914 volume 2 of 2 by william henry atherton
signing the contract and what it cost by martha finley
the history of the reformation of religion in scotland by john knox
the boy scouts down in dixie by herbert carter
moni the goat boy and other stories by johanna spyri
the old dominion by mary johnston
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 9 of 20 by charles sumner
the unpopular review vol. 1 by various
the motor rangers' cloud cruiser by john henry goldfrap
harper's young people july 12 1881 by various
lincoln day entertainments by various
the hand of providence by j. h. ward
rites and ritual by philip freeman
the china painter instruction book by anonymous
forest rock and stream by nathaniel parker willis and others
charles sumner; his complete works volume 10 of 20 by charles sumner
inheritance of characteristics in domestic fowl
harper's young people july 19 1881 by various
strange stories of the great valley by abbie johnston grosvenor
sir christopher by maud wilder goodwin
strange stories of the great river by abbie johnston grosvenor
linnet by grant allen
birds and all nature vol. 7 no. 1 january 1900 by various
the story of a hare by john tregarthen
the campaign of the forty-fifth regiment massachusetts
the fleets behind the fleet by william macneile dixon
selected poems by rupert brooke
the epic of paul by william cleaver wilkinson
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 1 april 24 1858
james russell lowell and his friends by edward everett hale
phaeton rogers by rossiter johnson
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 18 of 20 by charles sumner
david blaize by edward frederic benson
lincoln and the sleeping sentinel by l. e. chittenden
adventures of sherlock holmes by a. conan doyle
harper's young people july 26 1881 by various
coca and its therapeutic application third edition by angelo mariani
history of sanitation by john joseph cosgrove
ferdinand of bulgaria by anonymous
ireland under the tudors vol. 2 of 3 by richard bagwell
in search of mademoiselle by george gibbs
her lord and master by martha morton
benjamin of ohio by james otis
rise of the dutch republic vol. 3 of 3 1574-84 by john lothrop motley
six little ducklings by katharine pyle
samuel pepys and the royal navy by joseph robson tanner
cleg kelly arab of the city by samuel rutherford crockett
legends and satires from medival literature by various
elsie at ion by martha finley
elsie and her loved ones by martha finley
the little grey house by marion ames taggart
noted speeches of abraham lincoln
a spring harvest by geoffrey bache smith
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 11 of 20 by charles sumner
sylvia arden decides by margaret rebecca piper
birds and all nature vol. 7 no. 4 april 1900 by various
six girls and the tea room by marion ames taggart
chats on royal copenhagen porcelain by arthur hayden
anecdotes of the great war by carleton britton case
patty's perversities by arlo bates
the hero of manila by rossiter johnson
myths and legends of british north america by katharine berry judson
the boy scouts of the naval reserve by robert shaler
susan by ernest oldmeadow
america's munitions 1917-1918 by benedict crowell
the rocky mountain goat by madison grant
kant's critique of judgement by immanuel kant
rizal's own story of his life by jose rizal
the plays of philip massinger by philip massinger
a singular life by elizabeth stuart phelps
a modern aladdin by howard pyle
catholic world vol. 13 april to september 1871 by various
the abandoned farmer by sydney herman preston
inventors at work by george iles
ten years and ten months in lunatic asylums
borth lyrics by edward thring
within the capes by howard pyle
the motor boat club in florida by h. irving hancock
birds and all nature vol 7 no. 5 may 1900 by various
boys of oakdale academy by morgan scott
the indian fairy book by henry r. schoolcraft
foxglove manor vol. 1 of 3 by robert w. buchanan
foxglove manor vol. 2 of 3 by robert w. buchanan
foxglove manor vol. 3 of 3 by robert w. buchanan
scorn of women by jack london
travels in kamtschatka during the years 1787 and 1788
montreal from 1535 to 1914 by anonymous
early western travels 1748-1846 vol. 17 by various
a life for a life vol. 2 of 3 by dinah maria craik
a life for a life vol. 3 of 3 by dinah maria craik
narrative and lyric poems (second series)
psychologies by ronald ross
duality of voice by emil sutro
young earnest by gilbert cannan
nietzsche and other exponents of individualism by paul carus
the silent watchers by bennet copplestone
songs of travel by robert louis stevenson
katy gaumer by elsie singmaster
birds and nature vol. 8 no. 1 june 1990 by various
the double garden by maurice maeterlinck
harper's round table november 5 1895 by various
reminiscences of the king of roumania by mite kremnitz
the lake-dwellings of europe by robert munroe
psycho vox by charles emerson
curiosities of science past and present by john timbs
the price of blood by howard pyle
birds and nature vol. 8 no. 2 september 1900 by various
the great probability of a north west passage by thomas jefferys
the romaunce of the sowdone of babylone and of ferumbras
the last days of fort vaux by henry bordeaux
sweet hours by carmen sylva
with the flag to pretoria by h. w. wilson
the motor boys on the border by clarence young
billy bounce by william wallace denslow and dudley a. bragdon
comrades by george m. baker
a system of pyrotechny by james cutbush
birds and nature vol. 8 no. 3 october 1900 by various
fables of field and staff by james albert frye
the blissylvania post-office by marion ames taggart
harper's round table november 12 1895 by various
schne aussicht by louise spilker
the jesuit relations and allied documents
making life worth while by douglas fairbanks
philip of texas by james otis
germany before the war by eugne-napolon beyens
birds and nature vol. 8 no. 4 november 1900 by various
my life at sea by w. caius crutchley
english industries of the middle ages by louis francis salzmann
humanitarian philosophy 4th edition by emil edward kusel
as the goose flies by katherine pyle
touring in 1600 by ernest stuart bates
harper's young people august 2 1881 by various
the early norman castles of the british isles by ella s. armitage
we and our neighbors by harriet beecher stowe
the daughters of the little grey house by marion ames taggart
the russian story book by richard wilson and frank c. pap
birds and nature vol. 8 no. 5 december 1900 by various
harper's young people august 9 1881 by various
across the andes by charles johnson post
women's suffrage by millicent garrett fawcett
the shogun's daughter by robert ames bennet
the redemption of freetown by charles m. sheldon
blackie & son's illustrated story books catalogue 1889
light-fingered gentry by david graham phillips
stories and letters from the trenches by various
pioneer life in illinois by f. m. perryman
a servant of the public by anthony hope
the country of the dwarfs by paul b. du chaillu
the heart of the red firs by ada woodruff anderson
library cataloguing by j. henry quinn
harper's round table november 19 1895 by various
doctor papa by sophie may
the khaki boys at the front by gorden bates
dave dashaway air champion by roy rockwood
the circle of knowledge by various
true stories of the great war vol. 1 of 6 by various
anthon l. skanchy by anthon l. skanchy
elementary composition by dorothea f. canfield and george r. carpenter
a year with the birds by w. warde fowler
the border boys on the trail by fremont b. deering
the poems of john donne vol. 1 of 2 by john donne
forty years at el paso by william wallace mills
notes on railroad accidents by charles francis adams
musk-ox bison sheep and goat by caspar whitney
stories of fortune by various
the hungry heart by david graham phillips
john porter fort by john porter fort and martha fannin fort
autobiography of matthew scott jumbo's keeper by matthew scott
brenda's cousin at radcliffe by helen leah reed
the brothers dalziel by george da1ziel and edward da1ziel
by-gone tourist days: letters of travel by laura g. collins
the strand magazine no. 97 (january 1899) by various
legends of the patriarchs and prophets by sabine baring-gould
the missionary vol. 1 by lady sidney morgan
the missionary vol. 2 by lady sidney morgan
the missionary vol. 3 by lady sidney morgan
captain of the crew by ralph henry barbour
encyclopedia of diet vol. 2 of 5 by eugene christian
who ate the pink sweetmeat? by susan coolidge and various
by blow and kiss by boyd cable
the scientific tourist through ireland by thomas walford
a half-century of conflict vol. 2 by francis parkman
the quest of glory by marjorie bowen
roman legends by r. h. busk
the sea fairies by l. frank baum
the catholic world vol. 15 nos. 85-90
bacteria by george newman
sylvie and bruno concluded by lewis carroll
ballads of beauty by various
chap-books of the eighteenth century by john ashton
harper's young people august 16 1881 by various
common sense in the household by marion harland
fanny burney by henry austin dobson
copy of letters sent to great-britain by his excellency
from headquarters by james albert frye
countess vera by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
the art of candy making by the home candy makers
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 6 november 1893 by various
the merry christmas of the old woman who lived in a shoe
the great diamond hoax by asbury harpending
sport in the crimea and caucasus by clive phillipps-wolley
life of napoleon bonaparte vol. 1 by sir walter scott
the story of captain by george wharton james
a girl of the north by helen milecete
the history of the island of dominica by thomas atwood
frank armstrong at queens by matthew m. colton
frank armstrong drop kicker by matthew m. colton
history of the united netherlands 1600-09 vol. 4 complete
a balloon ascension at midnight by george eli hall
the emancipation of south america by bartolom mitre
the expositor's bible by handley c. g. moule
the brown owl by ford h. madox hueffer
jack the fire dog by lily f. wesselhoeft
little pitchers by sophie may
the motor boat club off long island by h. irving hancock
the family among the australian aborigines by bronislaw malinowski
georgia by samuel a. drake
fact and fable in psychology by joseph jastrow
a brief history of forestry by bernhard e. fernow
the alberta public school speller by anonymous
the mystery of the ravenspurs by fred m. white
sea-gift by edwin wiley fuller
the curse of pocahontas by wenona gilman
catholic world vol. 14 october 1871 - march 1872 by various
studies in judaism by solomon schechter
front lines by boyd cable
marriage with a deceased wife's sister by mayow wynell mayow
mademoiselle de maupin vol. 1 of 2 by thophile gautier
mademoiselle de maupin vol. 2 of 2 by thophile gautier
famous frontiersmen and heroes of the border
arthur brown the young captain by elijah kellogg
schools of to-morrow by john dewey and evelyn dewey
legends of norseland by anonymous
the ashes of a god by f. w. bain
a digit of the moon by f. w. bain
a mine of faults by f. w. bain
the little demon by feodor sologub
outings at odd times by charles conrad abbott
joseph pennell's pictures of war work in america by joseph pennell
joseph pennell's pictures of the panama canal by joseph pennell
a history of the durham miner's association 1870-1904 by john wilson
the dream of gerontius by john henry newman
backwoods surgery & medicine by charles stuart moody
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 2 may 1 1858
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 3 may 8 1858
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 4 may 15 1858
the wiving of lance cleaverage by alice macgowan
the boy scouts in the great flood by robert shaler
the bird hospital by caroline crowninshield bascom
the life and death of john of barneveld advocate of holland
the life and death of john of barneveld advocate of holland
english translations from the greek by finley melville kendall foster
the invasions of england by edward foord and gordon home
the ocean wireless boys on the atlantic by wilbur lawton
the viper of milan by marjorie bowen
the provinces of the roman empire vol. 1 by theodor mommsen
boots and saddles by elizabeth custer
three apostles of quakerism by benjamin rhodes
as others saw him by joseph jacobs
things worth doing and how to do them by lina beard
personal recollections of distinguished generals
the sports and pastimes of the people of england by joseph strutt
the heart line by gelett burgess
around the camp-fire by charles g. d. roberts
luther vol. 1 of 6 by hartmann grisar
back from hell by samuel benson
the boy scouts of the signal corps by robert shaler
last verses by susan coolidge
mother's nursery tales by katherine pyle
the border boys with the texas rangers by fremont b. deering
marion harland's autobiography by marion harland
on the apostolical succession by william j. irons
the works of william shakespeare cambridge edition vol. 6 of 9
the works of william shakespeare cambridge edition vol. 8 of 9
aesop's fables by j. h. stickney
the postal power of congress by lindsay rogers
reminiscences of the nineteenth massachusetts regiment
things to know about trade-marks by j. walter thompson
travels in kamtschatka during the years 1787 and 1788 vol. 2 of 2
the witness of the stars by ethelbert william bullinger
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 5 may 22 1858
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 6 may 29 1858
medical jurisprudence forensic medicine and toxicology vol. 1 of 4
harper's young people august 23 1881 by various
the motor boat club at the golden gate by h. irving hancock
a migration legend of the creek indians by albert s. gatschet
a draught of the blue and an essence of the dusk by f. w. bain
the changeling by walter besant
kate greenaway by marion harry spielmann and george somes layard
harper's young people august 30 1881 by various
two centuries of new milford connecticut by various
the motor boys under the sea by clarence young
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 7 june 5 1858
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 8 june 12 1858
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 9 june 19 1858
anatomy and embalming by albert john nunnamaker and charles o. dhonau
the walcott twins by lucile lovell
inventing for boys by a. frederick collins
luther vol. 1 of 6 by hartmann grisar
historic towns of new england by various
the whistler book by sadakichi hartmann
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xv by various
the shire horse in peace and war by j. albert frost
reube dare's shad boat by charles george douglas roberts
the man of galilee by atticus g. haygood
the way out by emerson hough
killing for sport by various
true stories of the great war vol. 3 of 6 by various
harper's round table november 26 1895 by various
the first printed translations into english of the great
luther vol. 3 of 6 by hartmann grisar
a history of matrimonial institutions vol. 1 of 3
laurel vane by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
national apostasy by john keble
is the vicar of brompton a tractarian? by arthur ellis
proposed surrender of the prayer-book and articles
eight sermons on the priesthood altar and sacrifice
church ministry in kensington by john philip gell
the boy scouts and the prize pennant by robert shaler
the last days of pekin by pierre loti
at the sign of the sphinx by carolyn wells
stories from dickens by j. walker mcspadden
the duty of a christian people under divine visitations by newton smart
hovey's handbook of the mammoth cave of kentucky by horace carver hovey
luther vol. 4 of 6 by hartmann grisar
harper's young people september 6 1881 by various
the boy hunters of kentucky by edward s. ellis
remarks upon the first report of the royal commission on ritual
the shakespeare story-book by mary macleod and william shakespeare
the kellys and the o'kellys by anthony trollope
life of a scotch naturalist by samuel smiles
marion harland's cookery for beginners by marion harland
the pansy november 1886 vol. 14 by various
the speedwell boys and their ice racer by roy rockwood
summer days by george m baker
luther vol. 5 of 6 by hartmann grisar
patty~bride by carolyn wells
memoirs of the empress josephine vol. 1 of 2
memoirs of the empress josephine vol. 2 of 2
harper's young people september 13 1881 by various
a select collection of old english plays vol. 15 of 15
flaxie growing up by sophie may
little rivers by henry van dyke
dave dashaway the young aviator by roy rockwood
the history of coaches by george athelstane thrupp
the birch and the star and other stories by gudrun thorne-thomsen
the expert waitress by anne frances springsteed
buffalo bill from prairie to palace by john m. burke
rudiments of conchology by mary anne venning
doing their bit by boyd cable
harper's young people september 20 1881 by various
sir isaac brock by hugh s. eayrs
the threshold covenant by h. clay trumbull
journals of major-gen. c. g. gordon c.b. at kartoum by c. g. gordon
kittyleen by sophie may
the origin of the knowledge of right and wrong by franz brentano
the history and romance of crime millbank penitentiary
the mentor: makers of american fiction vol. 6 no. 14 serial
worth while stories for every day by various
a practical treatise on smallpox by george henry fox
from dartmouth to the dardanelles by wolstan beaumont
a history of matrimonial institutions vol. 2 of 3
legends of charlemagne by thomas bulfinch
hawkins electrical guide no. 6 questions answers
hawkins electrical guide no. 7 questions answers
harper's round table december 3 1895 by various
spanish america by richard henry bonnycastle
gaza: a city of many battles by theodore edward dowling
the history of orange county new york by various
diary of a suicide by wallace e. baker
sisters of lady jane grey and their wicked grandfather by richard davey
the wars of religion in france 1559-1576 by james westfall thompson
a watch-dog of the north sea by percy f. westerman
the boy scouts in the saddle by robert shaler
common minerals and rocks by william o. crosby
metal spinning by c. tuells and william a. painter
a history of matrimonial institutions vol. 3 of 3
health by walter v. woods
the chronicles of the imp by jeffery farnol
a maid of brittany by may wynne
the romance of the commonplace by gelett burgess
camping in the canadian rockies by walter dwight wilcox
after taps by george m. baker and rachel e. baker
the works of william shakespeare vol. 5 of 9
harper's young people september 27 1881 by various
days before history by h. r. hall
princess napraxine vol. 1 of 3 by ouida
the holy isle by father ignatius
c. a. coey's school of motoring 1424-26 michigan ave.
six months in mexico by nellie bly
the philosophy of friedrich nietzsche by h. l. mencken
cadet days by charles king
a sheaf of verses by marguerite radclyffe-hall
the skirts of the great city by mrs. arthur g. bell
a satyr against hypocrites by john phillips
the authoress of the odyssey by samuel butler
young india by lajpat rai
the stingy receiver by eleanor hallowell abbott
the boy scouts for city improvement by robert shaler
graded literature readers: fourth book by various
a history of sumer and akkad by leonard william king
regimental nicknames and traditions of the british army by anonymous
pictorial field-book of the revolution vol. 1 of 2
lives of distinguished north carolinians by various
the cyr readers: book 8 by ellen m. cyr
harper's young people october 4 1881 by various
mam'selle jo by harriet t. comstock
oakdale boys in camp by morgan scott
the waterways of the pacific northwest by clarence bagley
true stories of the great war vol. 4 of 6 by various
harper's young people october 11 1881 by various
a history of the war of 1812-15 between the united states
germany turkey and armenia by anonymous
the seri indians by w. j. mcgee
trial of deacon brodie by various
nevada by george m. baker
the works of garcilaso de la vega by garcilaso de la vega
women of the american revolution vol. 2 of 2 by e. f. ellet
the airship boys' ocean flyer by h. l. sayler
the big fight by david fallon
a select collection of old english plays vol. 13 of 15
a country idyl and other stories by sarah knowles bolton
consecrated womanhood by frederic rowland marvin
the burial customs of the ancient greeks by frank pierrepont graves
a compendium of the doctrines of the gospel by various
crusoe in new york and other tales by edward everett hale
history of the war in afghanistan vol. 2 of 3 by john william kaye
when mother lets us give a party by elsie duncan yale
scenes and characters by charlotte m. yonge
petrarch's secret by francesco petrarca
the mentor: scotland the land of song and scenery
the mentor: the virgin islands of the united states
the mentor: reclaiming the desert vol. 6 no. 17
the mentor: guynemer the wingd sword of france
dividing waters by i. a. r. wylie
the three bears of porcupine ridge by jean m. thompson
notes of a private by john milton hubbard
radiation by p. phillips
the stories polly pepper told by margaret sidney
the little ball o' fire or the life and adventures of
a mysterious disappearance by george m. baker
that house i bought by henry edward warner
poison by george m. baker
the provinces of the roman empire vol. 2 by theodor mommsen
my friend pasquale and other stories by james selwin tait
the sunny south by john william clayton
under orders by kirk munroe
latter-day sweethearts by mrs. burton harrison
noon-day fancies for our little pets by various
rezanov by gertrude atherton
essays in the art of writing by robert louis stevenson
tracks of a rolling stone by henry j. coke
hawkins electrical guide no. 4 questions answers
the complete herbal by nicholas culpeper
german atrocities by newell dwight hillis
theatrical and circus life by john j. jennings
a few more verses by susan coolidge
jimmy boy by sophie may
ten dollars enough by catherine owen
knowledge for the time by john timbs
the missouri persecutions by b. h. roberts
general nelson's scout by byron a. dunn
the battle of gettysburg 1863 by samuel adams drake
the capsina by edward frederic benson
portraits of dr. william harvey by the royal society of medicine
revolution and other essays by jack london
a select collection of old english plays by various
love of the wild by archie p. mckishnie
the hermit doctor of gaya by i. a. r. wylie
indian tribes of the upper missouri by edwin thompson denig
the lost land of king arthur by j. cuming walters
won in the ninth by christopher mathewson
bleeding armenia by a. w. williams
observations of a naturalist in the pacific
beleaguered in pekin by robert coltman
wallace by henry the minstrel
the cathedral church of oxford by percy dearmer
proceedings of a board of general officers by anonymous
harper's young people october 18 1881 by various
one year in scandinavia by erastus snow
the switzerland of america: lehigh valley railroad by anonymous
in african forest and jungle by paul b. du chaillu
a history of deerpark in orange county n. y. by peter e. gumaer
the lives of the fathers martyrs and other
lady hollyhock and her friends by margaret coulson walker
the good crow's happy shop by patten beard
faith and duty: sermons on free texts by louis buchheimer
an alphabetical catalogue of new works in general and
ballad of the lost hare by margaret sidney
the mentor: butterflies vol. 3 no. 12 serial no. 88
tales of two people by anthony hope
cosmos by ernest mcgaffey
the age of elizabeth; 1547-1603 by arundell james kennedy esdaile
account of the russian discoveries between asia and america
the mentor: game animals of america vol. 4 no. 13
the mentor: photography vol. 6 no. 12 serial no. 160
red rock by thomas nelson page
the bombardment of reims by barr ferree
the belton estate by anthony trollope
the boyhood of jesus by anonymous
stories from the trenches by carleton b. case
the cure of rupture by paraffin injections by charles c. miller
linotype manual by various
home problems from a new standpoint by caroline l. hunt
honest wullie by lydia l. rouse
hawkins electrical guide no. 2 questions answers
the boy scouts of the field hospital by robert shaler
a lincoln conscript by homer greene
honest abe by alonzo rothschild
chetwynd calverley by william harrison ainsworth
carols of cockayne by henry s. leigh
puck on pegasus by h. cholmondeley pennell
little prudy's cousin grace by sophie may
cities of belgium by grant allen
an outline of the phonology and morphology of old provenal
through south america by harry weston van dyke
the mysteries of modern london by george r. sims
chambers's journal of popular literature science
protection from fire and thieves by george hayter chubb
the sure to rise cookery book by t. j. edmonds
the garden of eden by george hodges
tales from a famished land by edward eyre hunt
representative english comedies by various
national geographic magazine vol. 1 no. 1 october 1888 by various
your affectionate godmother by elinor glyn
harper's young people october 25 1881 by various
snow-white by laura e. richards
works of voltaire vol. 4 of 43 by voltaire
tamawaca folks by john estes cooke
florence nightingale to her nurses by florence nightingale
the boy aviators in nicaragua by wilbur lawton
from libau to tsushima by eugene s. politovsky
gems of reminiscence by various
the battle of april 19 1775 by frank warren coburn
the evolution of modern orchestration by louis adolphe coerne
five minute stories by laura e. richards
isla heron by laura e. richards
frederick chopin as a man and musician complete by frederick niecks
australia twice traversed the romance of exploration by ernest giles
spinifex and sand by david w carnegie
expedition into central australia vols. 1 and 2 by charles sturt
the march of portola and the discovery of the bay of san francisco
the golden-breasted kootoo by laura e. richards
three minute stories by laura e. richards
travels through the interior parts of north america in
hawkins electrical guide no. 3 questions answers
hagar by mary johnston
harper's round table december 10 1895 by various
harper's young people 1881 index by various
the profligate by arthur wing pinero
tales of the birds by w. warde fowler
the last vende by alexandre dumas
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 12 of 20
the master; a novel by israel zangwill
the harmsworth magazine vol. 1 no. 3 1898-1899 by various
book of american baking by various
the boy scouts as county fair guides by robert shaler
the boy scouts with the red cross by robert shaler
florida salads by frances barber harris
addie's husband by mrs. gordon smythies
the mentor vol. 1 no. 37 october 27 1913: the conquest of the
the mentor vol. 1 no. 31 september 15 1913: spain and gibraltar
the mentor vol. 1 no. 39 november 10 1913: the mediterranean
animal life and intelligence by conwy lloyd morgan
pygmalion and the image by william morris
the geological history of fossil butte national monument and
treasures in heaven by various
two pilgrims' progress by elizabeth robins pennell and joseph pennell
the normans in england by a. e. bland
the rise and fall of anarchy in america by george n. mclean
the pilgrim of castile by lope de vega
the man who ended war by hollis godfrey
the beginnings of libraries by ernest cushing richardson
the hidden children by robert w. chambers
the life of man by leonidas andreyev
a critique of socialism by george r. sims
the post-girl by edward c. booth
the smuggler of king's cove by sylvanus cobb
a bachelor's comedy by j. e. buckrose
harper's young people november 1 1881 by various
the ways of a worker of a century ago by fred gannon
the alhambra by washington irving
boys' book of submarines by a. frederick collins and virgil d. collins
harper's young people november 8 1881 by various
chicago to the sea by william c. gage
manual of library economy by james duff brown and w. c. berwick sayers
my lady nobody by maarten maartens
paris by grant allen
my adventures during the late war by donat henchy o'brien
the mentor vol. 1 no. 35 october 13 1913: the story of america
the mentor vol. 1 no. 46 december 29 1913: among the ruins of rome
the jack of all trades by d. c. beard
breakfast luncheon and tea by marion harland
catholic world vol. 16 october 1872 - march 1873 by various
five thousand miles underground by roy rockwood
the ralstons by f. marion crawford
bohemia by c. edmund maurice
the cretan insurrection of 1866 67 and 68 by william james stillman
the dinner year-book by marion harland
john smith's funny adventures on a crutch by ashbel fairchild hill
the boy scouts as forest fire fighters by robert shaler
birds and nature vol. 10 no. 1 june 1901 by various
pittsburgh main thoroughfares and the down town district
rossa's recollections 1838 to 1898 by jeremiah o'donovan rossa
the master of stair by marjorie bowen
the boy scouts on the roll of honor by robert shaler
the story of jack ballister's fortunes by howard pyle
war medals and their history by w. augustus steward
forest days by george paine rainsford james
what happened to me by lasalle corbell pickett
the hand-made gentleman by irving bacheller
the evil eye thanatology and other essays by roswell park
birds and nature vol. 10 no. 5 december 1901 by various
myths and folk-tales of the russians western slavs
harper's young people november 15 1881 by various
the pansy magazine vol. 15 dec. 1887 by various
yosemite legends by bertha h. smith
the right way the safe way by lydia maria child
a dog of flanders the nrnberg stove and other stories
tragedies of the white slave by h. m. lytle
wives of the prime ministers 1844-1906 by elizabth lee
my country 'tis of thee! by willis fletcher johnson
the story of hungary by rmin vmbry
poems by maurice maeterlinck
romantic legends of spain by gustavo adolfo bcquer
the art of kissing by will rossiter
the old sixth regiment its war record 1861-5 by charles k. cadwell
the motor boys on road and river by clarence young
pictures of the old french court by catherine mary bearne
the female quixote vol. 1 of 2 by charlotte lennox
the dance by tony and margaret west kinney
the early cave-men by katharine elizabeth dopp
marion harland's complete etiquette by marion harland
how to behave and how to amuse by g. h. sandison
under the hill by aubrey beardsley
hawkins electrical guide vol. 8 of 10 by nehemiah hawkins
dave dashaway and his giant airship by roy rockwood
the age of stonehenge by edward duke
the chapel of the holy spirit in the church of st. peter's
maternity by various
the forlorn hope by mrs s. c. hall
a book on vegetable dyes by ethel mairet
talks on teaching literature by arlo bates
harper's young people november 22 1881 by various
creation or evolution? by george ticknor curtis
the paper cap by amelia e. barr
silas strong emperor of the woods by irving bacheller
illustrated edition of the life and escape
the works of william shakespeare cambridge edition vol. 4 of 9
beaumont & fletcher's works vol. 10 of 10 by francis beaumont
lady huntworth's experiment by richard claude carton
mollentrave on women by alfred sutro
the river motor boat boys on the amazon by harry gordon
greece and the gean islands by philip sanford marden
julius levallon by algernon blackwood
a father's legacy to his daughters by john gregory
the mysterious stranger by mark twain
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 38: 1674-1683 by various
struggles amd triumphs: or forty years' recollections
fifteen new ways for oysters by sarah tyson rorer
the river motor boat boys on the columbia by harry gordon
frederick william maitland by herbert albert laurens fisher
the river motor boat boys on the colorado by harry gordon
a practical treatise on the manufacture of perfumery by c. deite
the story of the thirty-second regiment massachusetts infantry
the devil is an ass by ben jonson
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 44 1700-1736 by various
liverpool by dixon scott
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 13 of 20
state of the union addresses of george washington
state of the union addresses of john adams
state of the union addresses of thomas jefferson
state of the union addresses of james madison
state of the union addresses of james monroe
state of the union addresses of john quincy adams
state of the union addresses of andrew jackson
state of the union addresses of martin van buren
state of the union addresses of john tyler
state of the union addresses of james polk
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 14 of 20
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 15 of 20
harper's young people november 29 1881 by various
the flying machine boys on duty by frank walton
charles sumner; his complete works; vol. 16 of 20
hermia suydam by gertrude atherton
the art of aubrey beardsley
the fourth generation by walter besant
penelope by w. somerset maugham
adventures of a soldier by edward costello
english caricature and satire on napoleon i vol. 1 of 2 by john ashton
english caricature and satire on napoleon i vol. 2 of 2 by john ashton
brigadier frederick and the dean's watch
the boy scouts for home protection by robert shaler
practical etiquette by n. c.
a brief account of the educational publishing business
the young oarsmen of lakeview by ralph bonehill
the witchcraft delusion in new england: its rise progress and
the mystical element of religion as studied in saint catherine of
tea-blending as a fine art by joseph m. walsh
encyclopedia of diet vol. 3 of 5 by eugene christian
the railway library 1909 by various
the boy scouts at mobilization camp by robert shaler
illustrations of shakspeare and of ancient manners by francis douce
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 45 1736 by various
a temporary gentleman in france by alec john dawson
camp mates in michigan by st. george rathborne
fishpingle by horace annesley vachell
state of the union addresses of zachary taylor
state of the union addresses of millard fillmore
state of the union addresses of franklin pierce
state of the union addresses of james buchanan
state of the union addresses of abraham lincoln
state of the union addresses of andrew johnson
state of the union addresses of ulysses s. grant
state of the union addresses of rutherford b. hayes
state of the union addresses of chester a. arthur
state of the union addresses of grover cleveland
the motor rangers' wireless station by marvin west
philip ii of spain by martin andrew sharp hume
troubadour tales by evaleen stein
the speedwell boys and their racing auto by roy rockwood
boyville by john e. gunckel
the flying machine boys in the wilds by frank walton
social environment and moral progress by alfred russel wallace
indian creek massacre and captivity of hall girls by charles m. scanlan
reconstruction and the constitution 1866-1876 by john willliam burgess
the capitals of spanish america by william eleroy curtis
the rise and fall of nauvoo by b. h. roberts
fifteen sonnets of petrarch by francesco petrarca
mother goose for grown-ups by guy wetmore carryl
john stevens' courtship by susa young gates
some recollections of our antislavery conflict by samuel j. may
scandal by cosmo hamilton
after the pardon by matilde serao
harper's round table december 17 1895 by various
dave dashaway around the world by roy rockwood
the river motor boat boys on the ohio by harry gordon
the substance of faith allied with science (6th ed.) by oliver lodge
the honeymoon by arnold bennett
the diamond lens by fitz-james o'brien
american war ballads and lyrics volume i (of 2) by various
huxley and education by henry fairfield osborn
history of the war in afghanistan vol. 3 of 3 by sir john william kaye
spanish papers by washington irving
titan of chasms by c. a. higgins john wesley powll
origin of the 'reorganized' church and the question of succession
state of the union addresses of benjamin harrison
state of the union addresses of william mckinley
state of the union addresses of theodore roosevelt
state of the union addresses of william h. taft
state of the union addresses of woodrow wilson
wet magic by e. nesbit
proof-reading by f. horace teall
king solomon's goat by willard bartlett
charles sumner his complete works vol. 17 of 20
the tragedy of ida noble by william clark russell
the life and labors of elias hicks by henry watson wilbur
oxford poetry by vera mary brittain
oxford poetry by various
colter's hell and jackson's hole by merrill j. mattes
jack straw by w. somerset maugham
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 19 of 20
the texican by dane coolidge
my lady peggy goes to town by frances aymar mathews
autobiography of samuel s. hildebrand the renowned missouri
the travelling thirds by gertrude atherton
town life in the fifteenth century vol. 1 of 2 by alice stopford green
boy the wandering dog by marshall saunders
harper's young people december 6 1881 by various
jews and moors in spain by joseph krauskopf
with the rank and file by thomas j. ford
the squatter's dream by rolf boldrewood
famous discoverers and explorers of america
the romance of dollard by mary hartwell catherwood
exercises upon the different parts of italian speech by f. bottarelli
zachariah chandler by detroit post and tribune
the impending crisis by basil a. bouroff
the nine days' queen lady jane grey and her times by richard davey
oxford poetry 1921 by various
england and canada by sandford fleming
protestantism and catholicity by jaime luciano balmes
english eccentrics and eccentricities by john timbs
a boy's workshop by harry craigin
the pest by william teignmouth shore
rand and the micmacs by jeremiah s. clark
the toxins and venoms and their antibodies by em. pozzi-escot
premature burial and how it may be prevented by william tebb
philip augustus by george payne rainsford james
the lonesome trail by john gneisenau neihardt
the long journey by elsie singmaster
two little pilgrims' progress by frances hodgson burnett
the lone star defenders by samuel benton barron
history of the scottish expedition to norway in 1612 by thomas michell
bohemian paris of today by w. c. morrow and edouard cucuel
the medival hospitals of england by rotha mary clay
harper's young people december 13 1881 by various
down the orinoco in a canoe by s. prez triana
eighteenth century waifs by john ashton
the memoirs of admiral lord charles beresford
baby-land by mrs. almira l. corey frink and wild-bird
the boys' book of rulers by lydia hoyt farmer
loitering in pleasant paths by marion harland
mr. wayt's wife's sister by marion harland
the sack of monte carlo by walter frith
letter of petrus peregrinus on the magnet a.d. 1269 petrus peregrinus
jacquard machines by h. william nelson
the three impostors by anonymous and jean maximilien lucas
a turkish woman's european impressions by zeyneb hanoum
short stories for high schools by various
harper's young people december 20 1881 by various
three wisconsin cushings by theron wilber haight
captain william kidd and others of the buccaneers
history of brighthelmston by john ackerson erredge
bibliographic notes on one hundred books famous in english literature
the works of william shakespeare cambridge edition
a century of dishonor by helen hunt jackson
the history of chemistry vol. 1 of 2 by thomas thomson
the truth about the congo by frederick starr
herakles the hero of thebes and other heroes of the myth
goethe's theory of colours by johann wolfgang von goethe
the casement report by roger casement
memoirs of the dukes of urbino vol. 3 of 3 by james dennistoun
the story of the submarine by farnham bishop
the taking of louisburg 1745 by samuel adams drake
billy sunday by william ellis
some protective designs of the dakota by clark wissler
four in camp by ralph henry barbour
songs of three counties by marguerite radclyffe-hall
bohemian grammar by jaroslav victor nigrin
quinneys' by horace annesley vachell
flute and violin and other kentucky tales and romances
the boy scouts at the canadian border by lieutenant howard payson
some eccentrics & a woman by lewis melville
katherine lauderdale vol. 1 of 2 by f. marion crawford
fifteen years among the top-knots by l. h. underwood
the pillar of fire by joseph holt ingraham
cradle songs by various
oxford days by frederic edward weatherly
the sufism of the rubiyt or the secret
vagabond life in mexico by gabriel ferry
my memoirs vol. 4 1830 to 1831 by alexandre dumas
on wheels around the world by h. darwin mcilrath
among the trees again by evaleen stein
reports of trials for murder by poisoning by g. lathom browne
romany life by frank cuttriss
elements of surgery by robert liston
the lay of the land by dallas lore sharp
the young vigilantes by samuel adams drake
the satires of juvenal persius sulpicia and lucilius
encyclopedia of diet vol. 5 of 5 by eugene christian
clio by anatole france
earth features and their meaning by william herbert hobbs
the harmsworth magazine vol. 1 no. 1 1898-1899 by various
the mentor: american mural painters vol. 2 no. 15
the infidel by mary elizabeth braddon
snug harbor by oliver optic
harper's round table december 24 1895 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the story of genesis and exodus by unknown
de l'orme by george payne rainsford james
the story teller of the desert--backsheesh! by thomas w. knox
the de bercy affair by gordon holmes
the social life of the blackfoot indians by clark wissler
de tribus impostoribus a. d. 1230 by anonymous
the german terror in belgium by arnold j. toynbee
la grande mademoiselle by arvede barine
catholic world vol. 17 april 1873 to september 1873 by various
the demon cruiser by r. l. wheeler
spain vol. 2 of 2 by edmondo de amicis
confederate military history vol. 5 of 12 by ellison capers
the teacup club by eliza armstrong
new england historical and genealogical register vol 1 no. 3
grocers' goods by frederick bartlett goddard
pitcher pollock by christy mathewson
sketches of fifteen members of worcester fire society by isaac davis
national geographic magazine vol. 2 no. 1 april 1890 by various
my memoirs vol. 5 1831 to 1832 by alexandre dumas
famous givers and their gifts by sarah knowles bolton
twenty years' experience as a ghost hunter by elliott o'donnell
a natural history for young people: our animal friends
william of malmesbury's chronicle of the kings of england
des imagistes by various
growth of parliament and the war with scotland
the angevins and the charter by s. m. toyne
the great oakdale mystery by morgan scott
tagalog texts with grammatical analysis by leonard bloomfield
the river motor boat boys on the rio grande by harry gordon
narrative and critical history of america vol. 1 of 8 by various
the mentor: painters of western life vol 3 no. 9
true stories of the great war vol. 5 of 6 by various
eutropius by flavius eutropius
harper's young people december 27 1881 by various
patience worth by casper salathiel yost
what happened at quasi by george cary eggleston and h. c. edwards
the flying boys in the sky by edward ellis
the flying machine boys on secret service by frank walton
the river motor boat boys on the yukon by harry gordon
an australian girl by mrs. alick macleod
princess napraxine vol. 2 of 3 by maria louise ram
mechanics of the household by edward spencer keene
princess napraxine vol. 3 of 3 by maria louise ram
old court life in france vol. 2 of 2 by frances minto dickinson elliot
man-at-arms vols. 1 and 2 by george payne rainsford james
charles tyrrell vols. 1 and 2 by george payne rainsford james
the man of feeling by henry mackenzie
characters of shakespeare's plays by william hazlitt
the ottoman turks and the routes of oriental trade by albert h. lybyer
dolly and molly and the farmer man by elizabeth gordon
a story of the telegraph by john murray
the german pirate by unknown
mediaeval church vaulting by clarence ward
a baptist abroad by walter andrew whittle
narrative and critical history of america vol. 2 of 8 by various
katherine lauderdale; vol. 2 of 2 by f. marion crawford
the rat-pit by patrick macgill
savrola by winston spencer churchill
a relic of the revolution by charles herbert
the golden key by mrs. georgie sheldon
a bibliography of bibliography or a handy book about books
perpetual peace by immanuel kant
scientific american architects and builders edition
ethan allen by henry hall
stories of enchantment by jane pentzer myers
finding the worth while in the southwest by charles francis saunders
sign talk by ernest thompson seaton
rose d'albret by george payne rainsford james
the heart of the alleghanies by wilbur g. zeigler and ben s. grosscup
complete poetic and dramatic works of robert browning
the cities of the sun by elizabeth rachel cannon
representative women of deseret by augusta joyce crocheron
lives of the english poets: waller milton cowley by samuel johnson
leonora d'orco by george payne rainsford james
on the fourfold root of the principle of sufficient reason
the origin of the red cross by henry dunant
an account of the escape of six federal soldiers from prison
the siege and conquest of the north pole by george bryce
the lion's whelp by amelia a. barr
queen elizabeth by edward spencer beesly
four afoot by ralph henry barbour
narrative and critical history of america vol. 3 of 8 by various
spanish and portuguese south america during the colonial period
fifteen months in dixie by william w. day
mad barbara by warwick deeping
school reading by grades: fifth year by james baldwin
korean folk tales by im bang and yi ryuk
poems vol. 2 of 3 by george crabbe
my monks of vagabondia by andress floyd
obil keeper of camels by lucia chase bell
the novel; what it is by f. marion crawford
charles sumner; his complete works vol. 20 of 20
germany's fighting machine by ernest flagg henderson
more about the squirrels by eleanor tyrrell
catholic world volume 18 october 1873 to march 1874 by various
cavendish on whist by henry jones
the wolf-leader by alexandre dumas
mrs. pendleton's four-in-hand by gertrude atherton
the lives of the english poets: prior congreve blackmore and pope
new lights on old paths by charles foster
john call dalton m.d. u.s.v. by john call dalton
rubiyt of a motor car by carolyn wells
the japan-russia war by sydney tyler
living too fast by oliver optic
little almond blossoms by jessie juliet knox
venoms by a. calmette
ned bob and jerry at boxwood hall by clarence young
among the burmans by henry park cochrane
helen's babies by john habberton
raymond or life and death by sir oliver j. lodge
did betsy ross design the flag of the united states of america?
the spy by maksim gorky
heroines of mormondom by various
a chautauqua idyl by grace livingston hill
allen & morton's west london directory for 1867
the mentor: the story of coal vol. 6 no. 6 serial
medley dialect recitations comprising a series of the most popular
elocution simplified by walter k. fobes
the mentor: julius caesar vol. 6 no. 2 serial no. 150
the geologic story of arches national park by s. w. lohman
free russia by william hepworth dixon
a history of southern missouri and northern arkansas by william monks
paddington: past and present by william robins
motor matt on the wing by stanley r. matthews
a voyage to spitzbergen by john laing
a book of dartmoor by sabine baring-gould
charle bell the waif of elm island by rev. elijah kellogg
the waterloo roll call by charles dalton
fairlop and its founder by famed first friday fairgoer
the train wire by j. a. anderson
citation and examination of william shakspeare by walter savage landor
the american senator by anthony trollope
xxxii ballades in blue china [1885] by andrew lang
degeneration by max nordau
the australian victories in france in 1918 by sir john monash
source book of london history by p. meadows
history of greece vol. 9 of 12 by george grote
the lover's baedeker and guide to arcady by carolyn wells
the hymns of ann griffiths of dolwar fechan by ann griffiths
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 1 october 1883
what to eat how to serve it by christine terhune herrick
the web of time by robert e. knowles
teddy bears by adah louise sutton
corticelli home needlework 1898 by various
true stories of the great war vol. 6 of 6 by various
the harmsworth magazine vol. 1 1898-1899 no. 4 by various
a rebel's recollections by george caryeggleston
bridge its priciples and rules of play by j. b. elwell
footprints of the redmen by e. m. ruttenber
proceedings of the new york historical association 1906 by various
the reformation and the renaissance (1485-1547)
robert helmont by alphonse daudet
the pride of jennico by agnes castle and egerton castle
electricity in locomotion by adam gowens whyte
journal of small things by helen mackay
great disasters and horrors in the world's history by a. h. godbey
the library of entertainment handbook by john chilton scammell
the thirty-ninth regiment massachusetts volunteers 1862-1865
the welding of the race by john e. w. wallis
shakespeare bacon and the great unknown by andrew lang
stirling castle by eric stair-kerr
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. 6: quebec
the scarecrow of oz by l. frank baum
harper's round table december 31 1895 by various
the history of the highland clearances by alexander mackenzie
elijah kellogg by various
lords and lovers by olive tilford dargan
the ways of the planets by martha evans martin
with cavalry in 1915 by frederic coleman
memories of the kaiser's court by anne topham
narrative and critical history of america vol. 4 of 8 by various
the law and medical men by robert vashon rogers
ibrahim pasha by hester donaldson jenkins
a dog day by walter emanuel
in bad company and other stories by rolf boldrewood
how? by kennedy holbrook
the fight against lynching by anonymous
the mentor: the incas vol. 6 no. 3 serial no. 151
the principles of chemistry vol 1 of 2 by dmitry ivanovich mendeleyev
turkey; the awakening of turkey; the turkish revolution of 1908
to the fore with the tanks! by percy f. westerman
the mentor: the metropolitan museum of art vol. 6 no. 9
nine thousand miles on a pullman train by milton shaw
motor matt's reverse by stanley r. matthews
poem outlines by sidney lanier
agnes sorel by george payne rainsford james
patty's fortune by carolyn wells
discoveries made upon men and matter by ben jonson
the fortune of the rougons by emile zola
poems: pastoral and psalm by benjamin copeland
a queen of tears vol. 1 of 2 by william henry wilkins
slaveholding by charles fitch
the golden gems of life by s. c. ferguson and e. a. allen
historical record of the fourth or royal irish regiment
national geographic magazine vol. 2 no. 2 may 1890 by various
cawnpore by g. o. trevelyan
the history of the prince of wales' civil service rifles by anonymous
redemption by edward hoare
famous imposters by bram stoker
toadstools mushrooms fungi edible and poisonous; one thousand
hamewith by charles murray
poems by jamie harris coleman
1812 napoleon i in russia by vasilii vasilevich vereshchagin
in the path of the alphabet by frances jermain
the autobiography of a super-tramp by william h. davies
henry d. thoreau by f. b. sanborn
glorious deeds of australasians in the great war by e. c. buley
that which hath wings by richard dehan
taxidermy without a teacher by walter porter manton
third reader by w. a. mcintyre john dearness and john c. saul
a beginner's psychology by edward bradford titchener
the border and the buffalo by john r. cook
john bunyan and the gipsies by james simson
the fate: by george payne rainsford james
was john bunyan a gipsy? by james simson
a narrative of the sufferings preservation and deliverance
he knew he was right by anthony trollope
my life volume ii by richard wagner
the love of monsieur by george gibbs
self-control its kingship and majesty by william george jordan
narrative and critical history of america vol. 5 of 8 by various
flying machines today by william duane ennis
othmar by ouida
church history vol. 1 of 3 by j. h. kurtz
church history vols. 1-3 by j. h. kurtz
maximilian i by r. w. seton-watson
the mentor: the ring of the nibelung vol. 3 no. 24
the first regiment massachusetts heavy artillery united states
poems of life by katharine forrest hamill
the historians' history of the world in twenty-five
the downfall of the dervishes by ernest n. bennett
the influence of darwin on philosophy by john dewey
in the land of cave and cliff dwellers by frederick schwatka
poems by jennie earngey hill
the tory lover by sarah orne jewett
fun for the household by emma j. gray
early greek philosophy & other essays by friedrich nietzsche
the russian campaign by stanley washburn
war stories for my grandchildren by john watson foster
the mentor: the cradle of liberty vol. 6 no. 10 serial no. 158
celtic literature by matthew arnold
puritanism and liberty (1603-1660) by various
a daughter of the morning by zona gale
the way of the air by edgar c. middleton
bohemian days in fleet street by william mackay
poems in many lands by rennell rodd
essays literary critical and historical by thomas o'hagan
stirring incidents in the life of a british soldier by thomas faughnan
the mentor: shakespeare's country vol. 4 no. 8 serial no. 108
what we saw at madame world's fair by elizabeth gordon
the border boys along the st. lawrence by fremont b. deering
address delivered at the quarter-centennial celebration of the
the silent call by edwin milton royle
poems of pleasure by ella wheeler wilcox
sinhalese folklore notes by arthur a. perera
jacobean furniture and english styles in oak and walnut
fifty years in the church of rome by charles chiniquy
town life in the fifteenth century vol. 2 of 2
implement sheds by karl john theodore ekblaw
book-plates of to-day by various
the war book of the german general staff by j. h. morgan
wenonah's stories for children by clara louise burnham
gillingwater's history of lowestoft by edmund gillingwater
the mabinogion by lady charlotte guest
the countess cathleen by william butler yeats
the girls' book of famous queens by lydia hoyt farmer
thirty years since by george payne rainsford james
brief records of the independent church at beccles suffolk
the mentor: chinese rugs vol. 4 no. 2 serial no. 102
from memory's shrine by carmen sylva
yosemite national park california by anonymous
cyclopedia of commerce accountancy business administration
the mentor: the national gallery london vol. 4 no. 4
history of the life of gustavus adolphus ii the hero-general
humanistic studies of the university of kansas vol. 1
grandmother by laura e. richards
a guide to the study of fishes vol. 2 of 2 by david starr jordan
tolstoi for the young by leo tolstoi
whim and its consequences by george payne rainsford james
belgians under the german eagle by jean massart
tekla by robert barr
harper's young people january 3 1882 by various
constantinople vol. 1 of 2 by edmondo de amicis
the mentor: american pioneer prose writers vol. 4 no. 6
the vision of dante by elizabeth harrison
bird life glimpses by edmund selous
julian mortimer by harry castlemon
the romance of the london directory by charles w. bardsley
torpedo war and submarine explosions by robert fulton
fairview boys and their rivals by frederick gordon
letters of felix mendelssohn to ignaz and charlotte moscheles
the road to en-dor by elias henry jones
samuel pepys and the world he lived in by henry benjamin wheatley
poems of experience by ella wheeler wilcox
allan and the holy flower by h. rider haggard
pearl-maiden by h. rider haggard
stand pat by david a. curtis
other fools and their doings by anonymous
the illustration of books by joseph pennell
trif and trixy by john habberton
narrative and critical history of america vol. 6 of 8 by various
a debt of honor by horatio alger
the secret battleplane by percy f. westerman
to the highest bidder by florence morse kingsley
when santiago fell by captain ralph bonehill and edward stratemeyer
the lost dispatch by anonymous
poems of peace and war by elizabeth h. connor
the bee-keeper's manual by henry taylor
big bend national park texas by anonymous
a journey through persia armenia and asia minor to constantinople
personal reminiscences of the war of 1861-5 by william henry morgan
the spoilers by rex beach
bruno by jacob abbott
a book of the riviera by s. baring-gould
peter ablard by joseph mccabe
the lost fruits of waterloo by john spencer bassett
the fraud of feminism by ernest belfort bax
the city of the sultan and domestic manners of the turks in 1836
the city of the sultan and domestic manners of the turks in 1836
buddhist birth stories; or jataka tales vol. 1 by v. fausbll
evelyn byrd by george cary eggleston
down at caxton's by walter lecky
browere's life masks of great americans by charles henry hart
the land of little rain by mary austin
popular pastimes for field and fireside by caroline l. smith
the poetry of science or studies of the physical phenomena
beauchamp by george payne rainford james
catalogue of works: literary art and music by w. reeves
poems by henry reed conant
verses of a v. a. d. by vera mary brittain
in indian tents by abby langdon alger
a voyage to the arctic in the whaler aurora by david moore lindsay
the boss and how he came to rule new york by alfred henry lewis
lentala of the south seas the romantic tale of a lost colony
pole baker by will n. harben
not posted
tommy smith's animals by edmund selous
human all-too-human part 1 by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
daireen by frank frankfort moore
daireen by frank frankfort moore
daireen by frank frankfort moore
the three godfathers by peter b. kyne
a gray eye or so by frank frankfort moore
a gray eye or so by frank frankfort moore
a gray eye or so by frank frankfort moore
a gray eye or so complete by frank frankfort moore
horse stories by thomas w. knox
the prodigal son by hall caine
the manager of the b. & a. by vaughan kester
the case of summerfield by william henry rhodes
my life volume i by richard wagner
south! by sir ernest shackleton
the last penny by edwin lefevre
the life and adventures of peter wilkins complete by robert paltock
the plunderers by edwin lefevre
the love that prevailed by frank frankfort moore
priscilla and charybdis by frank frankfort moore
fourth reader by w. a. mcintyre john dearness
sandburrs and others by alfred henry lewis
the trufflers by samuel merwin
the woman in the alcove by jennette lee
a thrilling narrative of the minnesota massacre and the
a history of dentistry from the most ancient times until
my pretty maid by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
al que quiere! by william carlos williams
armenia immolata by edward s. steele
mitchelhurst place vol. 2 by margaret veley
discoveries and inventions by abraham lincoln
sir william johnson and the six nations by william elliot griffis
a boy's fortune by horatio alger
'tilda jane by marshall saunders
the cricket field by james pycroft
textile fibers used in eastern aboriginal north america
motor matt's make-and-break by stanley r. matthews
matthew calbraith perry by william elliot griffis
the witchcraft delusion in new england: its rise progress and
unvarnished tales by william mackay
the dawn of history by c. f. keary
a dissertation on the books of origen against celsus
william mackay on t. w. robertson's play school by william mackay
the coming night by edward hoare
the invasion of america by julius washington muller
the jesuits by edward hoare
clerical subscription and the act of uniformity by edward hoare
reasons why a churchman may with great justice refuse to subscribe
the wide awake third reader by clara murray
a constitution in making (1660-1714) by g. b. perrett
a little maid in toyland by adah louise sutton
the man by elbert hubbard
the american girl's handy book by lina beard and adelia b. beard
abandonment by j. p. de caussade
the sorceress complete by margaret oliphant
a book of the pyrenees by sabine baring-gould
verses popular and humorous by henry lawson
jim of hellas or in durance vile; the troubling of bethesda pool
lives of boulton and watt by samuel smiles
a virginia girl in the civil war 1861-1865 by myrta lockett avary
the backwoods boy by horatio alger jr.
history of the forty-second regiment infantry massachusetts
the wire devils by frank l. packard
half hours with the lower animals by charles frederick holder
history of inland transport and communication in england
neighborhood stories by zona gale
man a machine by julien offray de la mettrie
across the salt seas by john bloundelle-burton
that reminds me by anonymous
songs for all seasons by cora c. bass
history of greece vol. 8 of 12 by george grote
recollections of a confederate staff officer by gilbert moxley sorrel
the joyful wisdom by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
nell and her grandfather by anonymous
fairview boys at camp mystery by frederick gordon
the mentor: the yosemite valley vol 4 no. 16 serial no. 116
ants and some other insects: an inquiry into the psychic
wanda vol. 1 of 3 by ouida
wanda vol. 2 of 3 by ouida
wanda vol. 3 of 3 by ouida
motor matt's engagement by stanley r. matthews
fairview boys at lighthouse cove by frederick gordon and r. menel
dororthy south by george carry eggleston
conformity to the world by edward hoare
the jesuits by edward hoare
inspiration by edward hoare
the motor boys on a ranch by clarence young
cease firing by mary johnston
bangerter's inventions by friedrich bangerter
boswelliana by charles rogers
harper's round table january 7 1896 by various
godey's lady's book by various
tik-tok of oz by l. frank baum
the historians' history of the world in twenty-five volumes
the mentor: rembrandt vol. 4 no. 20 serial no. 120
the apple of discord by earle ashley walcott
sketches of persia by john malcolm
ecce homo by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
bob burton by horatio alger jr
home arts for old and young by caroline l. smith
soldiers' stories of the war by various
washington its sights and insights 1909 by harriet earhart monroe
the comic almanack vol. 1 of 2 by various
the hispaniola plate by john bloundelle-burton
the gods and mr. perrin by hugh walpole
my winter on the nile by charles dudley warner
glacires by edwin swift balch
young hunters in porto rico by captain ralph bonehill
adventures of sonny bear by francis margeret fox
little folks' christmas stories and plays by various
the legend of dah-nol-yo squaw rock by helen mccowen carpenter
the inner flame by clara louise burnham
the life of tolstoy: first fifty years by aylmer maude
boswell the biographer by george herbert leigh mallory
across south america by hiram bingham
constantinople vol. 2 of 2 by edmondo de amicis
spanish and portuguese south america during the colonialperiod
when sarah saved the day by elsie singmaster
the visitors hand-book for holyhead by thomas jackson
a record of st. cybi's church holyhead by arthur penrhyn stanley
twilight of the idols - the antichrist by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
the notable english trial of william palmer
observations on an anonymous pamphlet by francis cunningham
wonder stories of travel by eliot mccormick ernest ingersoll
two sermons preached in the parish church of nonington kent
evolution by edward hoare
sanctification by edward hoare
a struggle for a fortune by harry castlemon
a vendetta of the hills by willis george emerson
the deaf shoemaker by philip barrett
budge & toddie by john habberton
william blake by richard garnett
some distinguished victims of the scaffold by horace bleackley
those brewster children by florence morse kingsley
the history of lumsden's horse by henry h. s. pearse
the methods and scope of genetics by w. bateson
heart's kindred by zona gale
harper's young people january 10 1882 by various
twelve months with the eighth massachusetts infantry in
hints to young yacht skippers by thomas fleming day
the royal road to health by chas. a. tyrrell
under blue skies by s. j. brigham
a day at camp killkare by elsie duncan yale
canoeing in kanuckia by charles ledyard norton and john habberton
the white prophet vol. 1 of 2 by hall caine
the white prophet vol. 2 of 2 by hall caine
science and culture and other essays by thomas henry huxley
the story of old fort dearborn by j. seymour currey
the exhibition drama by george m baker
square and compasses by oliver optic
the story of our flag by addie guthrie weaver
henry irving's impressions of america by joseph hatton
the desert trail by dane coolidge
the way we live now by anthony trollope
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 1 by charles james lever
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 2 by charles james lever
a chicago princess by robert barr
the sayings of mrs. solomon by helen rowland
photo-engraving photo-etching and photo-lithography
the gun club boys of lakeport by edward stratemeyer
outlines of ecclesiastical history by b. h. roberts
journal of my journey over the mountains by george washington
the mary frances knitting and crocheting book by jane eayre fryer
motor matt's short circuit by stanley r. matthews
the princess pourquoi by margaret sherwood
the girl philippa by robert w. chambers
prehistoric man by daniel wilson
second base sloan by christy mathewson
abraham lincoln and the abolition of slavery in
the black death in the fourteenth century by i. f. c. hecker
harper's round table january 14 1896 by various
the new departure by edward hoare
a sermon preached in york minister on st. bartholomew's day
congress hotel home of a thousand homes
substance of a sermon on the bible society by francis cunningham
nothing between by edward hoare
the doctrine of the lord's supper by edward hoare
baptism according to scripture by edward hoare
history of the expedition under the command of captains
truthful jane by florance morse kingsley
the house of the trees & other poems by ethelwyn wetherald
eben holden's last day a-fishing by irving bacheller
my pardner and i by willis george emerson
saint abe and his seven wives by robert buchanan
the confessions of harry lorrequer complete by charles james lever
the old wives' tale by arnold bennett
the dock rats of new york by old sleuth harlan page halsey
travels in england in 1782 by charles p. moritz
round about the north pole by w. j. gordon
episcopal fidelity by emilius bayley
a sermon preached in st. peter's southborough on occasion
country luck by john habberton
commodore paul jones by cyrus townsend brady
the theatrical primer by harold acton vivian
amurath to amurath by gertrude lowthian bell
american independence and the french revolution by s. e. winbolt
scouting for girls by baron robert stephenson smyth baden-powell
prince and heretic by marjorie bowen
england and napoleon (1801-1815) by samuel edward winbolt
the cruise of the janet nichol among the south sea islands
true manliness by thomas hughes
wide awake magazine vol. 4 no. 3 january 10 1916 by various
galicia the switzerland of spain by annette m. b. meakin
the grip of honor by cyrus townsend brady
the art of preserving all kinds of animal and vegetable substances
harper's young people january 17 1882 by various
rex kingdon on storm island by gordon braddock
tubal cain by joseph hergesheimer
the maid of the whispering hills by vingie e. roe
the hand of the mighty and other stories by vaughan kester
the bondage and travels of johann schiltberger a native of bavaria
evolution by james a. s. watson
stories of a governess by annie fisler
samuell gorton by lewis g. janes
a manual of american literature by various
harry harding--messenger 45 by alfred raymond
pearls & parasites by arthur e. shipley
fountains abbey by george hodges
drake by william mac oubrey
cupid of campion by francis finn
clash of arms by john bloundelle-burton
the influence of sea power upon the french revolution and
three years in tibet by ekai kawaguchi
conundrums riddles and puzzles by dean rivers
miss fairfax of virginia by st. george rathborne
bird portraits by ernest seton-thompson
the history and remarkable life of the truly honourable colonel
harper's round table january 21 1896 by various
for his country and grandmother and the crow by marshall saunders
captain carey by lionel lounsberry
adventures of a telegraph boy or 'number 91' by horatio alger jr
the decameron day 1 to day 5 by giovanni boccaccio
the decameron day 6 to day 10 by giovanni boccaccio
the medici balls by anna r. sheldon and m. moyca newell
an english garner vol. 8 of 8 by various
jane austen and her times by geraldine edith mitton
poems by crocket mcelroy
hephaestus persephone at enna and sappho in leucadia
library ideals by henry eduard legler
harper's young people january 24 1882 by various
the far north by elisha kent kane
the dreadnought boys on aero service by wilbur lawton
a general's letters to his son on minor tactics by anonymous
the antiquarian magazine & bibliographer; vol. 4 july-dec 1884
compulsory vaccination by the st. marybone anti-compulsory
the breadth freeness and yet exclusiveness of the gospel
incidents in a gipsy's life by george smith
the fundamental doctrines of the christian faith by r. a. torrey
traitor and true by john bloundelle-burton
the busy life of eighty-five years of ezra meeker by ezra meeker
the autobiography of goethe by johan wolfgang von goethe
ten months in a german raider by john stanley cameron
a duet by arthur conan doyle
travels in the interior of africa vol. 1 of 2 by mungo park
sister carrie by theodore dreiser
the seekers by jessie e. sampter
the emily emmins papers by carolyn wells
american journal of science vol. 1 by various
the ingenious and diverting letters of the lady--travels into spain
making over martha by julie m. lippmann
you know me al by ring w. lardner
german atrocities by john hartman morgan
the philippine islands 1493-1898; vol. 46 1721-1739 by various
cricket by allan gibson steel and robert henry lyttelton
st. paul the hero by rufus m. jones
joffre and his army by charles dawbarn
about paris by richard harding davis
a confession of st. augustine by william dean howells
the two treaties by edward hoare
sermons on the scriptural principles of our protestant church
a woman's war by warwick deeping
bell's cathedrals: st. david's by philip a. robson
round the corner by gilbert cannan
portraits in plaster by laurence hutton
denounced by john bloundelle-burton
the scourge of god by john bloundelle-burton
doing my bit for ireland by margaret skinnider
how to tell fortunes by aaron a. warford
the atonement by edward hoare
the believer not ashamed of the gospel by edward hoare
harper's round table january 24 1882 by various
harper's round table january 28 1896 by various
baptism as taught in the bible and the prayer book by edward hoare
england's stewardship by edward hoare
the history of korea vol. 2 of 2 by homer b. hulbert
witnesses to truth by edward hoare
uncle sam's boys on field duty by h. irving hancock
the proportions of truth by edward hoare
an essay on papal infallibility by john sinclair
salt-water ballads by john masefield
under a veil by randell roberts and george m. baker
a history of the united states by charles kendall adams
the time of the end by edward hoare
memorials of francis storr
harper's young people january 31 1882 by various
ellis's primary physiology by edward sylvester ellis
alaska by eliza ruhamah scidmore
the gases of the atmosphere by william ramsay
fortune's my foe by john bloundelle-burton
aaron in the wildwoods by joel chandler harris
pussy black-face by marshall saunders
the daily newspaper by anonymous
poems by nora may french
essays from the chap-book by various
home entertaining by william e. chenery
lowney's cook book by maria willett howard
the factors of organic evolution by herbert spencer
the squaw man by julie opp faversham
the life and adventures of guzman d'alfarache or the
the border boys in the canadian rockies by fremont b. deering
anarchy and anarchists by michael schaack
on the wallaby by e. m. clowes
with the flag in the channel by james barnes
defense of the faith and the saints vol. 2 of 2 by b. h. roberts
thoughts on slavery and cheap sugar by james ewing ritchie
kant's prolegomena by immanuel kant
psychology by hermann ebbinghaus
petroleum by albert lidgett
deficiency and delinquency by james burt miner
watermelon pete and others by elizabeth gordon
the arts and crafts of ancient egypt by w. m. flinders petrie
the border boys with the mexican rangers by fremont b. deering
the art of lead burning by c. h. fay
the poetical works of william wordsworth -- vol. 8 of 8
index to library reports by katharine twining moody
japonette by robert w. chambers
harper's round table february 4 1896 by various
our story book by various
biographical anecdotes of william hogarth by william hogarth
the new sunday liquor law vindicated by j. ewing ritchie
bessbrook and its linen mills by j. ewing ritchie
home poems by kate louise wheeler
experiments on the spoilage of tomato ketchup by a. w. bitting
harry harding's year of promise by alfred raymond
a history of sarawak under its two white rajahs 1839-1908
red paint at oxford by anonymous
subsidiary notes as to the introduction of female nursing into
the joyful wisdom by friedrich nietzsche
the poems of heine; complete by heinrich heine
scenes in north wales by g. n. wright
my year of the great war by frederick palmer
motor matt's make up by stanley r. matthews
life and travel in india by anna harriette leonowens
little men by louisa m. alcott
ventures into verse by henry louis mencken
clever betsy by clara louise burnham
the pansy magazine november 1887 by various
pansy's sunday book by various
an anglo-american alliance by gregory casparian
the will to power books i and ii by friedrich nietzsche
a bible history of baptism by samuel john baird
the crimson conquest by charles bradford hudson
science for the school and family part 1 natural philosophy
memoir and correspondence of caroline herschel by mrs. john herschel
the book by cyril davenport
mr. blake's walking-stick by edward eggleston
life of john knox fifth edition vol. 1 of 2 by thomas m'crie
life of john knox fifth edition vol. 2 of 2 by thomas m'crie
prisons & prisoners by constance lytton
three sides of paradise green by augusta huiell seaman
under sail by felix riesenberg
a bitter heritage by john bloundelle-burton
hugh gwyeth by beulah marie dix
patty's motor car by carolyn wells
readings from modern mexican authors by frederick starr
servants of sin by john bloundelle-burton
letters from muskoka by harriet barbara king
the great lakes by james oliver curwood
stem to stern by oliver optic
servants of sin by john bloundelle-burton
the right to be lazy by paul lafargue
waterloo days by charlotte annie waldie eaton
a collection of chirurgical tracts by william beckett
selected articles on the parcels post by various
the works of richard hurd vol. 1 of 8
a legend of goat island by peter a. porter
walpole and chatham (1714-1760) by katharine ada esdaile
the romance of gilbert holmes by marshall monroe kirkman
patience sparhawk and her times by gertrude franklin horn atherton
the mentor by alfred ayres
the works of richard hurd vol. 2 of 8 by richard hurd
twice-born men in america by harriet earhart monroe
men and things by henry a. atkinson
history of the united states by john clark ridpath
the poems of leopardi by giacomo leopardi
smithson's theory of special creation by noble smithson
the hampdenshire wonder by john davys beresford
the barton experiment by john habberton
the turquoise story book by various
his honour and a lady by mrs. everard cotes
the art of living by robert grant
numantia by miguel de cervantes saavedra
ravished armenia by h. l. gates
instead of the thorn by clara louise burnham
our benevolent feudalism by william james ghent
by the aurelian wall and other elegies by bliss carman
furniture of the olden time by frances clary morse
travels in the interior of africa vol. 2 of 2 by mungo park
letters of wolfgang amadeus mozart vol. 1
die casting by chester l. lucas
the modern vikings by hjalmar hjorth boyesen
mark the match boy by horatio alger jr.
poems by clarence cook
professor johnny by jak
dinners and diners by nathaniel newnham-davis
the antiquities of constantinople by pierre gilles
the nine of hearts by b. l. farjeon
the inventor by elsie duncan yale
songs at the start by louise imogen guiney
the defence of lucknow by thomas fourness wilson
digging for gold by horatio alger jr.
self-doomed by b. l. farjeon
the mary frances garden book by jane eayre fryer
confessions of the czarina by paul vassili
the witch by mary johnston
half-hours with the highwaymen vol. 1 by charles george harper
the history of tammany hall by gustavus myers
when all the woods are green by s. weir mitchell
the story of the american merchant marine by john randolph spears
the war of women by alexandre dumas
the war of women by alexandre dumas
indian council in the valley of the walla-walla 1855 by lawrence kip
the high toby by h. b. marriott watson
the halifax catastrophe by anonymous
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. 7 of 73 by various
maxims and instructions for the boiler room by nehemiah hawkins
popular official guide to the new york zoological park
henley's twentieth century formulas recipes and processes by various
correspondence of the family of haddock 1657-1719 by various
the great taxicab robbery by james h. collins
ballads of bravery by various
the dyak chief and other verses by erwin clarkson garrett
cameron of lochiel by philippe aubert de gasp
out and about london by thomas burke
wood and stone by john cowper powys
the new eldorado by maturin murray ballou
the old irish world by alice stopford green
mother goose in prose by l. frank baum
pagan papers by kenneth grahame
a view of sir isaac newton's philosophy by anonymous
the standard bearer by s. r. crockett
dick and dolly by carolyn wells
in the royal naval air service by harold rosher
stargazing: past and present by j. norman lockyer
schylos tragedies and fragments by schylos
kasba (white partridge) by george r. ray
sea plunder by h. de vere stacpoole
life of james buchanan vol. 1 of 2 by george tickner curtis
harper's young people february 7 1882 by various
the history of parliamentary taxation in england
absurd ditties by g. e. farrow
william jennings bryan by harvey ellsworth newbranch
a texas blue bonnet by caroline emilia jacobs
intermere by william alexander taylor
the story of the scottish covenants in outline by d. hay fleming
annabel by suzanne metcalf
practical points in anesthesia by frederick-emil neef
incaland by claude hazeltine wetmore
canterbury by w. teignmouth shore
the house of cariboo and other tales from arcadia by a. paul gardiner
royal railways with uniform rates by whately c. arnold
oscar wilde a study by andr gide
mother goose's teddy bears by frederick leopold cavally
historical sketches of colonial florida by richard l. campbell
little dramas for primary grades by ada maria skinner
gallant little wales by jeannette augustus marks
the laughing girl by robert w. chambers
the golden age by kenneth grahame
the lusitania's last voyage by charles lauriat
harper's round table february 11 1896 by various
the room with the little door by roland burnham molineux
horton genealogy by various
pinocchio in africa by cherubini
nietzsche by anthony m. ludovici
manners for men by mrs. humphry
the mystery of m. felix by b. l. farjeon
famous assassinations of history by francis johnson
the every-day book and table book. vol. 2 of 3 by william hone
the every-day book and table book. vol. 3 of 3 by william hone
will rossiter's original talkalogues by american jokers
the child of the moat by ian b. stoughton holborn
historical characters by henry lytton earle bulwer
the century illustrated monthly magazine may 1913 by various
seat weaving by l. day perry
the restless sex by robert w. chambers
engravings of lions tigers panthers leopards dogs &c.
primitive & mediaeval japanese texts by various
a fair jewess by b. l. farjeon
harper's young people february 14 1882 by various
taking the census by elizabeth f. guptill
a birder's guide to north dakota by kevin j. zimmer
the motor boys in the army by clarence young
samurai trails by lucian swift kirtland
pomegranates from an english garden by robert browning
peace and reform by various
rodmoor by john cowper powys
dan the newsboy by horatio alger jr.
the analogy of religion to the constitution
the gentleman's magazine january 1731 by various
imperialism and mr. gladstone by various
the love sonnets of a car conductor by wallace irwin
journals of two expeditions into the interior of
mark rutherford's deliverance by mark rutherford
peter schlemihl etc. by adelbert chamisso
the history of the indian revolt and of the expeditions
patsy carroll under southern skies by grace gordon
a rebellion in dixie by harry castlemon
glue gelatine animal charcoal phosphorous cements
don't marry by james w. donovan
nietzsche and art by anthony m. ludovici
occoneechee by robert frank jarrett
a mother's year book by various
the republic of the southern cross and other stories by valery brussof
from farm boy to senator by horatio alger jr.
for your sweet sake by james ephraim mcgirt
the flying girl by edith van dyne
the two christmas boxes by elsie duncan yale
answering the phone by elizabeth f. guptill
an uninvited member by elizabeth f. guptill
motor matt's mandarin by stanley r. matthews
home amusements by m. e. w. sherwood
the fortunes of garin by mary johnston
essays: scientific political and speculative;
practical talks by an astronomer by harold jacoby
honor de balzac by thophile gautier
never: by nathan dane urner
brotherly house by grace s. richmond
the album writer's friend by j. s. ogilvie
dick hamilton's touring car by howard r. garis
dave porter's return to school by edward stratemeyer
dave porter and his classmates by edward stratemeyer
poems you ought to know by elia w. peattie
the french army from within by anonymous
twenty-five ghost stories by w. bob holland
better than men by rush hawkins
the life of robert lord clive vol. 1 of 3 by john malcolm
uncle sam's right arm by effa e. preston
stop! by nathan dean urner
labor and the angel by duncan campbell scott
the marchale by james strahan
how rifleman brown came to valhalla by gilbert frankau
the chemistry of cookery by w. mattieu williams
journals of expeditions of discovery into central australia and
journals of expeditions of discovery into central australia and
journals of expeditions of discovery into central australia and
dick hamilton's steam yacht by howard r. garis
motor matt's mariner by stanley r. matthews
prejudices second series by h. l. mencken
ireland under the stuarts and during the interregnum
the blackmore country by f. j. snell
don gordon's shooting-box by harry castlemon
the three fates by f. marion crawford
statement of facts on the injurious treatment of j. elsee esq.
william shakespeare by victor hugo
famous fights of indian native regiments by reginald hodder
italian villas and their gardens by edith wharton
reminiscences of epping forest by j. green
a collection of kachri folk-tales and rhymes by j. d. anderson
joshua marvel by b. l. farjeon
this misery of boots by h. g. wells
the author's desk book by william dana orcutt
oysters and fish by thomas j. murrey
a persian pearl and other essays by clarence s. darrow
cardinal wolsey by mandell creighton
what the white race may learn from the indian by george wharton james
motor matt's double trouble by stanley r. matthews
josephine e. butler by josephine e. butler
george at the wheel by harry castlemon
canadian battlefields and other poems by j. r. wilkinson
jean cabot at ashton by gertrude fisher scott
i will maintain by marjorie bowen
the gold-headed cane by william macmichael
with rogers on the frontier by j. macdonald oxley
drawing for printers by ernest knaufft
underground treasures: how and where to find them by james orton
canada (1535-present day) by james munro
the cumulative book review digest vol. 1 1905 by various
the fate of a crown by schuyler stanton
winefred by sabine baring-gould
the catholic world vol. 19 april 1874-september 1874 by various
the mausoleum at halicarnassus restored in conformity with
the wisdom of fools by margaret deland
the shield of love by b. l. farjeon
a footnote to history by robert louis stevenson
brave and bold weekly no. 362 a taxicab tangle by stanley r. mathews
brave and bold weekly no. 363 a hoodoo machine by stanley r. mathews
the history of saint augustine florida by william w. dewhurst
a sister to evangeline by charles g. d. roberts
the life of friedrich nietzsche by daniel halvy
the snowflake and other poems by arthur weir
shakspeare and his times vol. 1 of 2 by nathan drake
shakspeare and his times vol. 2 of 2 by nathan drake
bread and biscuit baker's and sugar-boiler's assistant by robert wells
the life and letters of ogier ghiselin de busbecq vol. 2 of 2
canyon de chelly by zorro a. bradley
a cyclopdia of canadian biography by various
the martyrdom of belgium by gilbert k. chesterton
historical characters in the reign of queen anne
heart and cross by margaret oliphant
anthropology and the classics by sir arthur evans andrew lang
trip to the west and texas by a. a. parker
horace walpole by austin dobson
mothers to men by zona gale
america and the world war by theodore roosevelt
our home and personal duty by jane eayre fryer
sweet p's by julie mathilde lippmann
sketches in crude-oil by john j. mclaurin
tuzuk-i-jahangiri: or memoirs of jahangir
the story of the gravelys by marshall saunders
philosophical letters: or modest reflections upon some
gallipoli by john masefield
bronson alcott's fruitlands by clara endicott sears
in the desert of waiting by annie fellows johnston
the flying girl and her chum by edith van dyne
baden-powell of mafeking by j. s. fletcher
the house of armour by marshall saunders
uncle sam abroad by j. e. conner
the field book by w. h. maxwell
harper's outdoor book for boys by various
st. leon by william godwin
tacoma and vicinity by anonymous
the orchid by robert grant
the boy inventors' flying ship by richard bonner
early english hero tales by jeannette marks
from palmerston to disraeli (1856-1876) by various
azalea by eliza w. peattie
in partnership by brander matthews and h. c. bunner
the red cross girls in belgium by margaret vandercook
standard catholic readers by grades: fifth year by various
the daring twins by l. frank baum
the unseen hand by elijah kellogg
sir robert's fortune by margaret oliphant
book review digest vol. 13 1917 by margaret jackson
the judgement of valhalla by gilbert frankau
somme vol. 2 the second battle of the somme 1918 by michelin & cie
merry tales by eleanor l. skinner and ada m. skinner
the first report of the horncastle teatotal society 1843 by anonymous
cussons' horncastle compendium 1837 by d. cussons
old melbourne memories by rolf boldrewood
philosophical works vol. 1 of 4 by david hume
within the gates by elizabeth stuart phelps
the prince of the house of david by j. h. ingraham
a general view of positivism by auguste comte
orpheus and other poems by edward burrough brownlow
drowsy by john ames mitchell
the red fox's son by edgar m. dilley
the hope of the katzekopfs by francis edward paget
saint john chrysostom his life and times by w. r. w. stephens
the book of clever beasts by myrtle reed
a book of christian sonnets by william allen
the goddess of reason by mary johnston
footprints of abraham lincoln by j. t. hobson
pagan ideas of immortality during the early roman empire
christmas at punkin holler by elizabeth f. guptill
american unitarian hymn writers and hymns by henry wilder foote
intestinal irrigation by alcinous b. jamison
virginia of virginia by amlie rives
virgin saints and martyrs by s. baring-gould
the land of oz by l. frank baum
deborah by james m. ludlow
letters to catherine e. beecher by angelina e. grimk
forge work by william l. ilgen
lowestoft in olden times by francis d. longe
loughton essex by william chapman waller
a special mortality among infants at loughton in the epping
harper's round table february 18 1896 by various
thoughts on the proposed inclosure of waltham (commonly called epping)
how to become a public speaker by william pittenger
the gipsy fortune teller by w. parker
old coaching days by moses james nobbs
nathaniel parker willis by henry augustin beers
the sanitary condition of the poor by benson baker
the witches' dream book; and fortune teller by a. h. noe
consumption curable by henry congreve
foster's complete hoyle by r. f. foster
how beauty was saved by amanda alcenia strickland washington
armenia and the war by avetoon pesak hacobian
the marylebone penny readings and their critics by henry taylor
she hath done what she could by matthew feilde
some of our east coast towns by j. ewing ritchie
bobbie general manager by olive higgins prouty
an ideal kitchen by maria parloa
christmas at mccarthy's by elizabeth f. guptill
trails of the pathfinders by george bird grinnell
nostalgia by grazia deledda
the diary of a girl in france in 1821 by mary browne
the school and society by john dewey
folk-lore of west and mid-wales by jonathan ceredig davies
ireland under the stuarts and during the interregnum vol. 2 of 3
kittyboy's christmas by amy ella blanchard
abroad and at home; practical hints for tourists by phillips morris
baree son of kazan by james oliver curwood
the gathering of the nations by anonymous
the sabbath and the crystal palace by anonymous
catholic world magazine vol.5 april to september 1867 by various
notes on the mangue: an extinct dialect formerly spoken
nothing to do by horatio alger jr.
a book of the cevennes by s. baring-gould
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 1 january 1849 by various
impressions of england by arthur cleveland coxe
william morris to whistler by walter crane
chatto & windus's list of books may 1883 chatto & windus publishers
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 4 april 1849 by various
the kallikak family by henry herbert goddard
dr. jonathan by winston churchill
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 5 may 1849 by various
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 6 june 1849 by various
the sins of the cities of the plain by jack saul
the book of the hamburgs by l. frank baum
memoirs of the life exile and conversations of the emperor
memoirs of the life exile and conversations of the emperor
memoirs of the life exile and conversations of the emperor
memoirs of the life exile and conversations of the emperor
principles of public health by thos. d. tuttle
annie laurie and azalea by elia w. peattie
why armenia should be free by garegin pasdermadjian
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 1 july 1850 by various
the double life by gaston leroux
where love is by william j. locke
il nipotismo di roma or the history of the popes nephews
farm legends by will carleton
food adulteration and its detection by jesse p. battershall
tattered tom by horatio alger jr.
technic and practice of chiropractic by joy maxwell loban
the merchant prince of cornville by samuel eberly gross
in search of treasure by horatio alger jr.
two women 1862 a poem by constance fenimore woolson
farmington by clarence s. darrow
farthest north by charles lanman
dorothy dale's promise by margaret penrose
dorothy dale in the west by margaret penrose
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 2 august 1850 by various
the writer's desk book by william dana orcutt
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 3 september 1850 by various
nil darpan; or the indigo planting mirror by dinabandhu mitra
three heroines of new england romance by harriet prescott spofford
ben o' bill's the luddite by daniel frederick edward sykes
when she came home from college by marian hurd mcneely
the boy inventors' electric hydroaeroplane by richard bonner
the seaside sibyl by anonymous
the philippine islands 1493-1898; volume xlvii 1728-1759 by various
a short history of the salem village witchcraft trials
the life of cardinal wolsey by george cavendish
mountaineering in the sierra nevada by clarence king
best lincoln stories tersely told by james e. gallaher
the romany rye by george borrow
sailor jack the trader by harry castlemon
the book of the sailboat by a. hyatt verrill
in the clouds for uncle sam by ashton lamar
soldiers of the legion by john bowe
northern lands by william t. adams
afoot in england by w.h. hudson
the memoirs of count grammont volume 1 by anthony hamilton
beyond the gates by elizabeth stuart phelps
a colonial reformer vol. 1 of 3 by rolf boldrewood
the boy inventors' diving torpedo boat by richard bonner
indian biography; vol. 2 of 2 by b. b. thatcher
an eye for an eye by clarence darrow
essays: scientific political and speculative vol. 3 of 3
ruth erskine's cross by isabella alden and pansy
sinners and saints by phil robinson
the new map of europe (1911-1914) by herbert adams gibbons
list of post offices in canada 1865 by postmaster general of canada
human leopards by sir kenneth james beatty
narrative of a voyage to hudson's bay in his majesty's ship rosamond
a bundle of letters from over the sea by louise b. robinson
a valiant ignorance vol. 1 of 3 by mary angela dickens
a valiant ignorance vol. 2 of 3 by mary angela dickens
olga romanoff by george chetwynd griffith
black is white by george barr mccutcheon
the light that lies by george barr mccutcheon
the swan of vilamorta by emilia pardo bazn
squire arden; volume 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the story in primary instruction by samuel buel allison
castle blair by flora l. shaw
tom pinder foundling by daniel frederick edward sykes
squire arden vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
war the creator by gelett burgess
beyond the old frontier by george bird grinnell
sixteen years in siberia by leo deutsch
wall street stories by edwin lefvre
ocean steamships by f. e. chadwick john h. gould
logic as the science of the pure concept by benedetto croce
camp cookery by maria parloa
english lands letters and kings: from elizabeth to anne
english lands letters and kings: the later georges to victoria
dorothy dale and her chums by margaret penrose
love's old sweet song by george herman ellwanger
shakespeare the boy by william james rolfe
biographical sketches of the generals of the continentalarmy
busy brownies by e. veale
the republic of cicero by marcus tullius cicero
the new english canaan of thomas morton
english lands letters and kings: from celt to tudor
the cremation of the dead by hugo erichsen
remarks on the proposed railway between birmingham and london
squire arden vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the state of society in france before the revolution of 1789
the spirit of the school by ralph henry barbour
an address to the sisters of st. peter's home brompton
the jacquard machine analyzed and explained by e. a. posselt
some longer elizabethan poems by various
the practical book of oriental rugs by george griffin lewis
canterbury a sketch book by walter m. keesey
standard measures of united states great britain and france
american war ballads and lyrics vol. 2 of 2 by various
a modern mephistopheles and a whisper in the dark by lousia m. alcott
a story of the golden age by james baldwin
the farmer's own book by j. d. koogle
a little english gallery by louise imogen guiney
induction coils how to make use and repair them by h. s. norrie
venice; a sketch-book by fred richards
the office of bailiff of a liberty by joseph ritson
the intruder by gabriele d'annunzio
mistress nancy molesworth by joseph hocking
proceedings of the california academy of sciences
the cubomedus by franklin story conant
demoniality by the rev. father sinistrari of ameno
practical methods of sewage disposal by henry n. ogden
narrative of travels in europe asia and africa in the seventeenth
chapters on spanish literature by james fitzmaurice-kelly
the metropolis by upton sinclair
the spiritual guidance of man and of mankind by rudolf steiner
the ocean of theosophy by william judge
a letter to the rev. william maskell by mayow wynell mayow
the human boy by eden phillpotts
carols of canada etc. etc. by mrs. elizabeth s. (macqueen) macleod
the triumph of death by gabriele d'annunzio
shakespeare's christmas and other stories by a. t. quiller-couch
a history of the peninsula war by charles oman
the voiage and travayle of sir john maundeville knight
william dampier by william clark russell
short reasons for communion with the church of england
german army in belgium the white book of may 1915 by e. n. bennett
scrap book of mormon literature vol. 2 of 2 by various
college men without money by carl riddle
liverpool; a sketch-book by sam j. m. brown
london; a sketch-book by lester george hornby
newcastle-upon-tyne; a sketch-book by robert j. s. bertram
paris; a sketch-book by eugne bjot
symmes's theory of concentric spheres by anonymous
reminiscences of joseph the prophet by edward stevenson
queens of the renaissance by m. beresford ryley
printing in relation to graphic art by george french
jed the poorhouse boy by horatio alger
in beaver cove and elsewhere by matt crim
glasgow; a sketch-book by john nisbet
harrow; a sketch-book by walter m. keesey
gettysburg by elsie singmaster
a history of the old english letter foundries by talbot baines reed
a colonial reformer vol. 3 of 3 by rolf boldrewood
with force and arms by howard r. garis
the state of the dead and the destiny of the wicked by uriah smith
red spider vol. 1 of 2 by sabine baring-gould
red spider vol. 2 of 2 by sabine baring-gould
catholic world vol. 21 april 1875 to september 1875 by various
the american railway by thomas curtis clarke
dramatized readings: recitations in poetry and prose by lucy a. yendes
nelson the newsboy by horatio alger jr. arthur m. winfield
a complete history of music by winton james baltzell
a woman in china by mary gaunt
mehalah by sabine baring-gould
the religious thought of the greeks by clifford herschel moore
courtship of miles standish by henry w. longfellow
mr. wycherly's wards by l. allen harker
lotta schmidt and other stories by anthony trollope
modern musical drift by william james henderson
the ship of coral by h. de vere stacpoole
a girl of virginia by lucy m. thruston and charles grunwald
the real captain kidd by cornelius neale dalton
hastings & environs by h. g. hampton
beyond the hills of dream by w. wilfred campbell
light science for leisure hours by richard a. proctor
concerning genealogies by frank allaben
commercial politics by richard henry gretton
letters to madame hanska by honor de balzac
harper's young people february 21 1882 by various
tar heel tales by h. e. c. bryant
new zealand by reginald horsley
discoveries and inventions of the nineteenth century
the art & practice of typography by edmund g. gress
the story of live dolls by josephine scribner gates
harper's round table february 25 1896 by various
the tell-tale by catherine parr strickland traill
the rapin by henry de vere stacpoole
symzonia by adam seaborn
the delinquent vol. iv no. i january 1914 by various
the secret doctrine vol. 2 of 4 by helena petrovna blavatsky
sweet clover by clara louise burnham
more short sixes by h. c. bunner
the dungeons of old paris by tighe hopkins
how to teach manners in the school-room by julia m. dewey
the dreadnought boys in home waters by wilbur lawton
fort concho by j. n. gregory
life of james buchanan vol. 2 of ) by george tickner curtis
master and maid by l. allen harker
the birth and babyhood of the telephone by thomas a. watson
harper's young people february 28 1882 by various
the works of richard hurd volume 3 of 8
harper's round table march 3 1896 vol. xvii no. 853 by various
tor a street boy of jerusalem by florence morse kingsley
the works of richard hurd volume 4 of 8
lincoln & other poems by edwin markham
phoebe daring by l. frank baum
knife-grinder's budget of pictures & poetry for boys and girls
the changed valentines by elizabeth f. guptill
miss esperance and mr. wycherly by l. allen harker
the works of richard hurd volume 5 of 8
daughters of destiny by l. frank baum
the works of richard hurd volume 6 of 8
liberia by frederick starr
the silent battle by george gibbs
the century illustrated monthly magazine june 1913 by various
time and clocks by sir henry hardinge cunynghame
betsy gaskins (dimicrat) wife of jobe gaskins (republican)
zone therapy by william h. fitzgerald and edwin f. bowers
the life of henry bradley plant by g. hutchinson smyth
history teacher's magazine vol. i no. 1 september 1909 by various
a handbook of invalid cooking by mary a. boland
an old man's darling by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
the chronic loafer by nelson lloyd
redcoat captain by alfred ollivant
lightning conductors by richard anderson
a wedding trip by emilia pardo bazn
the life of captain sir richard f. burton by isabel burton
the stolen aeroplane by ashton lamar
talk of uncle george to his nephew about draw poker by uncle george
an english girl in japan by ella m. hart bennett
the crimson sign by s. r. keightley
the case for birth control by margaret h. sanger
being a boy by charles dudley warner
nursery lessons in words of one syllable by anonymous
the flower garden by ida dandridge bennett
the ohio journal of science vol. xvi no. 1 november 1915 by various
the principles of biology volume 1 of 2 by herbert spencer
the land of cockayne by matilde serao
the miracles of antichrist by selma lagerlf
the catholic world vol. 22 october 1875 to march 1876 by various
farewell love! by matilde serao
rupert's ambition by horatio alger
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 28 january 9 1841 by various
harper's young people march 7 1882 by various
the scripture club of valley rest by john habberton
history teacher's magazine vol. i no. 2 october 1909 by various
my life in china and america by yung wing
cornish feasts and folk-lore by m. a. courtney
obedience to the articles and rubrics of the church of england
the true ministers of christ accredited by the holy spirit
sam steele's adventures in panama by capt. hugh fitzgerald
dorothy dale's school rivals by margaret penrose
suffrage snapshots by ida husted harper
history of gujart by james mcnabb campbell
the disagreeable woman by horatio alger
a defence of the inquiry into mesmerism & phrenology by william armes
the law of psychic phenomena by thomson jay hudson
les bijoux indiscrets or the indiscreet toys by denis diderot
white motley by max pemberton
harper's round table march 10 1896 by various
friendship village love stories by zona gale
the little match man by luigi barzini
zui folk tales by frank hamilton cushing
the ladies' paradise by mile zola
in the far east by william henry davenport adams
a book for a rainy day by john thomas smith
the new england country by clifton johnson
oblomov by ivan goncharov
marriage as a trade by cicely hamilton
the sorceress by victorien sardou
the shame of the cities by lincoln steffens
a treatise on the diseases produced by onanism masturbation
the horse in america by john gilmer speed
two dramatizations from vergil
happy ending by louise imogen guiney
the food question by various
wayward winifred by anna t. sadlier
the sieges of vienna by the turks by karl august schimmer
songs for the little ones at home by anonymous
tales of laughter by kate douglas wiggin and nora archibald smith
not posted
the philippine islands 1493-1898: volume xlviii 1751-1765 by various
a sailor in spite of himself by harry castlemon
morria (homesickness) by emilia pardo bazn
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand
quaint and historic forts of north america by john martin hammond
tom dick and harriet by ralph henry barbour
billy to-morrow's chums by sarah pratt carr
the boy scouts of woodcraft camp by thornton w. burgess
joshua complete by georg ebers
children of men by rudolph edgar block
in the sixties by harold frederic
a prince of swindlers by guy boothby
excursions in art and letters by william wetmore story
fortunes and dreams by astra cielo
circus life and circus celebrities by thomas frost
cheap jack zita by s. baring-gould
mary gresley and an editor's tales by anthony trollope
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand
poetical works of robert bridges volume 1 by robert bridges
st. paul and protestantism by matthew arnold
the poacher's wife by eden phillpotts
a christian woman by emilia pardo bazn
the jesuit relations and allied documents vol. 8 quebec
history of the united states by helen pierson
the garden without walls by coningsby dawson
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 10 june 26 1858
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand
the presentation by henry de vere stacpoole
luther vol. 6 of 6 by hartmann grisar
azalea at sunset gap by elia w. peattie
yankee boys in japan by henry harrison lewis
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 11 july 3 1858
brief account of the english character by charles marjoribanks
a roadside harp by louise imogen guiney
the campaign of sedan by george hooper
the secret doctrine volume 1 of 4 by helena petrovna blavatsky
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 12 july 10 1858
the new optimism by henry de vere stacpoole
brownlows by margaret oliphant
marie grubbe by jens peter jacobsen
life of captain sir richard f. burton vol. 2 of 2 by isabel burton
welsh poems and ballads by george borrow
the yoke of the thorah by sidney luska
the new abelard volume 2 of 3 by robert buchanan
the new abelard volume 3 of 3 by robert buchanan
organisation: how armies are formed for war by hubert foster
benedetto croce by raffaello piccoli
french and english furniture by esther singleton
helon's pilgrimage to jerusalem volume 1 of 2 by frederick strauss
the clue by carolyn wells
lullaby-land by eugene field
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 13 july 17 1858
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand sometime
letters from a son to his self-made father by charles eustace merriman
the laughing bear by robert bloomer hare bell
brazil and la plata by c. s. stewart
beaufort chums by edwin legrand sabin
the clock and the key by arthur henry vesey
a publisher's confession by walter hines page
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 15 july 31 1858
preliminary discourse on the study of natural philosophy
the return of the o'mahony by harold frederic
the poems of madison cawein volume 2
the white sail by louise imogen guiney
harry's island by ralph henry barbour
the rising tide by margaret deland
poems by julia caroline ripley dorr
stories of starland by mary proctor
his glorious appearing by james white
the bears of blue river by charles major
a prince to order by charles stokes wayne
fairy gold by christian reid
christopher columbus by charles kendall adams
little snap the postboy by victor st. clair
mendel by gilbert cannan
italian backgrounds by edith wharton
history of greece volume 6 of 12 by georges grote
the philosophy of the practical: economic and ethic by benedetto croce
all taut by oliver optic
the martyrs' idyl by louise imogen guiney
poems by s. c. mercer
the vermilion pencil by homer lea
the minority of henry the third by kate norgate
oscar in africa by harry castlemon
the suffragette by estelle sylvia pankhurst
the pearl fishers by henry de vere stacpoole
anecdotes of the american indians by unknown
famous composers and their works volume 1 by various
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 17
the yellow holly by fergus hume
the country of sir walter scott by charles s. olcott
a text-book of diseases of women by charles bingham penrose
march hares by harold frederic
gloria mundi by harold frederic
poems by alexander pushkin
prolegomena to the study of hegel's philosophy
uncle wiggily's fortune by howard r. garis
the yale cup by albertus true dudley
music and its masters by otis bardwell boise
mark manning's mission by horatio alger jr.
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 18 august 21 1858
the sundial by fred m. white
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 21 september 11 1858
the poems of madison cawein volume 3
dred by harriet beecher stowe
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 23
the diary of dr. john william polidori
good times with the juniors by lilian m. heath
the last egyptian by l. frank baum
through swamp and glade by kirk munroe
the brain of an army by spenser wilkinson
the queen of spades and other stories by alexander pushkin
october and other poems by robert bridges
historical record of the sixteenth or the bedfordshire
the gallery of portraits: with memoirs volume 1 of 7 by various
the retreat from mons by a. corbett-smith
the poems of madison cawein volume 1 of 5
bramble brae by robert bridges
the commerce and navigation of the erythraean sea by anonymous
a manual of the art of bookbinding by james b. nicholson
daily lesson plans in english by caroline griffin
modern english biography volume 1 of 4 a-h by frederic boase
the advancement of learning by francis bacon
american thumb-prints by kate stephens
yorkshire dales and fells by gordon home
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand sometime
captivity of the oatman girls by royal b. stratton
the trial of aaron burr by joseph p. brady
the cruise of the sally d by james otis
bahama bill by t. jenkins hains
the yellow dove by george gibbs
the worst boy in town by john habberton
the delinquent vol. 4 no. 2 february 1914 by various
poems by edward dowden
little miss grasshopper by johanna spyri
the american race by daniel garrison brinton
niagara and other poems by benjamin copeland
don qvixote of the mancha by judge parry
little songs of long ago by various
the logic of hegel by g. w. f. hegel
blue shirt and khaki a comparison by james f. j. archibald
vacation camping for girls by jeannette augustus marks
porcelain by edward dillon
the review vol. 1 no. 4 april 1911 by various
perkins the fakeer by edward s. van zile
a picture of the desolated states by john townsend trowbridge
working my way around the world by lena m. franck
the mystery queen by fergus hume
a house in bloomsbury by margaret oliphant
mysteries of washington city during several months of
rough and ready by horatio alger
the story of the mince pie by josephine scribner gates
the drums of war by henry de vere stacpoole
the armed ship america by james otis
whale fishery of new england by various
memoirs of general count rapp first aide-de-camp to napoleon
the twins by elizabeth frances guptill
the madness of philip by josephine dodge daskam
enchantment by harold macgrath
the picaroons by gelett burgess and will irwin
history teacher's magazine vol. 1 no. 3 november 1909 by various
the unjust steward by margaret oliphant
the prophecy of merlin and other poems by john reade
evolution and creation by herbert junius hardwicke
cartoons and caricatures of seattle citizens by various
poetical works of robert bridges volume 2 by robert bridges
some principles of frontier mountain warfare by wilkinson dent bird
the summit house mystery by l. dougall
the historians' history of the world in twenty-five volumes
the republic of plato by plato
the kansas university quarterly vol. i no. 1 (1892) by various
the village of hide and seek by bingham thoburn wilson
making his mark by horatio alger jr.
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 1 october 1884
the prose tales of alexander pushkin
victor serenus by henry wood
the day after death (new edition) by louis figuier
the life of la fayette by lydia hoyt farmer
italian yesterdays vol. 1 by mrs. hugh fraser
italian yesterdays vol. 2 by mrs. hugh fraser
the prophet's mantle by edith nesbit & hubert bland
night operations for infantry by charles tyrwhitt dawkins
daniel boone backwoodsman by c. h. forbes-lindsay
anecdotes of big cats and other beasts by david alec wilson
the story of a donkey by sophie sgur
at close range by f. hopkinson smith
nothing of importance by john bernard pye adams
psychology by william james
the art of glass-blowing by t. p. danger
how it flies or conquest of the air by richard ferris
a description of the famous kingdome of macaria by gabriel plattes
the ways of life by margaret oliphant
the wind-jammers by t. jenkins hains
indian fights and fighters by cyrus townsend brady
twilight by julia frankau
the gallery of portraits: with memoirs vol. 3 of 7 by various
chess generalship vol. 1 grand reconnaissance by franklin k. young
latest magic by professor louis hoffmann and angelo lewis
an enquiry into the life and legend of michael scot by j. wood brown
the price of coal by harold brighouse
garside's career by harold brighouse
the scaring off of teddy dawson by harold brighouse
poetical works of robert bridges volume 3
hazelhurst by enid leigh hunt
her husband's purse by helen r. martin
society as i have found it by ward mcallister
winona a dakota legend by eli l. huggins
azalea's silver web by elia w. peattie
the black patch by fergus hume
the black monk and other stories by anton tchekhoff
progress and poverty volume 1 of 2 by henry george
the crimson cryptogram by fergus hume
the lone inn by fergus hume
the rainbow feather by fergus hume
the english housekeeper by anne cobbett
poems by clara a. merrill
the voyage of the arrow by t. jenkins hains
garryowen by henry de vere stacpoole
matt by robert buchanan
a biography of rev. henry ward beecher by william c. beecher
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 8 may 1885
history teacher's magazine vol. 1 no. 4 december 1909 by various
from job to job around the world by alfred charles ben fletcher
lady kilpatrick by robert buchanan
ambassador morgenthau's story by henry morgenthau
boys who became famous men by harriet pearl skinner
the gallery of portraits: with memoirs vol. 5 of 7 by anonymous
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 1 july 1849 by various
the farmer's veterinarian by charles william burkett
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 2 august 1849 by various
famous frosts and frost fairs in great britain by william andrews
the gallery of portraits: with memoirs vol. 6 of 7 by anonymous
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 3 september 1849 by various
after the war: a southern tour by whitelaw reid
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 4 october 1849 by various
one hundred proofs that the earth is not a globe by william carpenter
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 5 november 1849 by various
triumphs and wonders of the 19th century by james p. boyd
mackinac and lake stories by mary hartwell catherwood
graham's magazine vol. 35 no. 6 december 1849 by various
railroad reorganization by stuart daggett
the rhymer by allan mcaulay
our fellows by harry castlemon
ireland under the stuarts and during the interregnum
the gentleman who vanished by fergus hume
for the defence by fergus hume
secrets of the bosphorus by henry morgenthau
le coq d'or (the golden cock) by nikolay rimsky-korsakov
francis parkman by little brown and company
william wycherley four plays by william wycherley
old man savarin stories by edward william thomson
captain chub by ralph henry barbour
the younger american poets by jessie belle rittenhouse
the essentials of american constitutional law by francis newton thorpe
a creature of the night by fergus hume
the book of the v.c. by a. l. haydon
owen clancy's run of luck by burt l. standish
barbara winslow rebel by elizabeth ellis
kott? by lafcadio hearn
manual of shoemaking and leather and rubber products
captain john smith by c. h. forbes-lindsay
representative british orations with introductions and explanatory
representative british orations with introductions and explanatory
representative british orations with introductions and explanatory
the british jugernath by guildford l. molesworth
john chambers by william elliot griffis
homer martin by elizabeth gilbert martin
nequa or the problem of the ages by alcanoan o. grigsby
lady jim of curzon street by fergus hume
oxford water-colors by john fulleylove
the afghan war of 1879-80 by howard hensman
under greek skies by julia d. dragoumis
common sense applied to religion by catharine e. beecher
the story of viteau by frank richard stockton
the aeroplane express by ashton lamar
mightier than the sword by alphonse courlander
the progress of the century by various
a valiant ignorance vol. 3 of 3 by mary angela dickens
the last frontier by edward alexander powell
the golden rule cook book by maud russell lorraine sharpe
ready about by oliver optic
i go a-marketing by henrietta sowle
postal riders and raiders by w. h. gantz
the historical christ by fred. c. conybeare
tales of two countries by maxim gorky
the life story of a black bear by harry perry robinson
manufacture of chocolate and other cacao preparations by paul zipperer
the education of children by rudolf steiner
old fashioned flowers by maurice maeterlinck
my opinions and betsey bobbet's by marietta holley
a catalogue of books published by methuen and company november 1907
sam steele's adventures on land and sea by capt. hugh fitzgerald
shifting for himself by horatio alger jr.
the contrast by royall tyler
the unbearable bassington by saki
lovers' saint ruth's by louise imogen guiney
the war in the east by trumbull white
the squirrel's pilgrim's progress by j. d. williams
why men fight by bertrand russell
karma by algernon blackwood and violet pearn
monsieur judas by fergus hume
the key to theosophy by h. p. blavatsky
the theory of environment by armin hajman koller
humors looking glasse by samuel rowlands
red wagon stories by wells hawks
the young train dispatcher by burton e. stevenson
webster & tourneur by john webster and cyril tourneur
science in short chapters by w. mattieu williams
emmeline by elsie singmaster
history of chemistry volume 1 of 2 by edward thorpe
history of chemistry volume 2 of 2 by edward thorpe
goose-quill papers by louise imogen guiney
the sacred herb by fergus hume
the english peasantry and the enclosure of common fields
the rogerenes: some hitherto unpublished annals belonging
a colonial reformer vol. 2 of 3 by rolf boldrewood
the deep sea's toll by james b. connolly
the horse in history by basil tozer
the german spy in america by john price jones
twenty years' recollections of an irish police magistrate
list of post offices in canada 1872 by postmaster general of canada
the sacred books of the east volume 6 of 14 by various
told by uncle remus by joel chandler harris
mrs. radigan by nelson lloyd
presiding ladies of the white house by lila graham alliger woolfall
transmission; or variation of character through
firebrands by frank e. martin and george m. davis
the post office and its story by edward bennett
the review vol. 1 no. 3 march 1911 by various
the gallery of portraits with memoirs volume 4 of 7 by anonymous
william hamilton gibson by john coleman adams
a complete classified list of books pamphlets etc.
day by day with the russian army 1914-15 by bernard pares
in our convent days by agnes repplier
wilderness babies by julia augusta schwartz
canoe and camp cookery by h. h. soul
my lady clancarty by mary imlay taylor
john brown the hero by j. w. winkley
suppressed plates wood-engravings &c. by george somes layard
seeing america first by eleanor colby
those smith boys on the diamond by howard r. garis
land of enchantment: from pike's peak to the pacific by lilian whiting
the social secretary by david graham phillips
the wolf hunters by robert m. peck
under rocking skies by l. frank tooker
the chief mate's yarns by mayn clew garnett
the early oxford press by falconer madan
hellenism in asia minor by karl dieterich
bananas by edward wilkin perry
joe wayring at home by harry castlemon
miss beecher's housekeeper and healthkeeper by catharine e. beecher
perfumes and their preparation by george william askinson
the catholic world volume 7 by various
queen zixi of ix by l. frank baum
how to succeed in the christian life by reuben archer torrey
the red bicycle by fergus hume
the raven and the philosophy of composition by edgar allan poe
ground tumbling by henry walter worth
lucy larcom: life letters and diary by daniel dulany addison
the review (vol. 1 no. 10) october 1911 by various
the o. s. u. naturalist by various
the art of paper-making by alexander watt
the boys' and girls' herodotus by john s. white
a colored man round the world by david f. dorr
outpost in the wilderness: fort wayne 1706-1828 by charles poinsatte
the boy fortune hunters in the south seas by l. frank baum
dave porter's great search by edward stratemeyer
the faery queen and her knights by alfred john church
the boy fortune hunters in china by l. frank baum
a history of spanish literature by james fitzmaurice-kelly
my fifteen lost years by florence elizabeth maybrick
history of the royal sappers and miners vol. 1 of 2
to herat and cabul by g. a. henty
the strife of the sea by t. jenkins hains
two strangers by margaret oliphant
world stories retold for modern boys and girls by william james sly
catalogue of publications in belles lettres by various
tube train tram and car by arthur h. beavan
the sealed message by fergus hume
travels in a tree-top by charles conrad abbott
the squirrel hunters of ohio by n. e. jones
the bird in the box by mary mears
the complete testimony of the fathers of the first three centuries
the story of lutheran missions by elsie singmaster
from the angle of seventeen by eden phillpotts
from dan to beersheba by john p. newman
confession by maxim gorky
history of spanish and portuguese literature vol. 1 of 2
richard judkins' wooing by thornton jenkins hains
seekers in sicily by elizabeth bisland and anne hoyt
the catholic world vol. 6 october 1867 to march 1868 by various
snagged and sunk by harry castlemon
the boy fortune hunters in egypt by floyd akers
boat sailing by a. j. kenealy
the children of cupa by mary e. mannix
cynthia ann parker by james t. deshields
evolution of modern band saw mills for sawing logs by d. clint prescott
lady william by margaret oliphant
a history of architecture in all countries vol 1 & 2 3rd ed.
a history of architecture in all countries volume 1 3rd ed.
the widowing of mrs. holroyd by david herbert lawrence
the young train master by burton e. stevenson
john galsworthy by sheila kaye-smith
the family on wheels by j. macdonald oxley
with mask and mitt by albertus t. dudley
spices and how to know them by w. m. gibbs
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 1 of 6
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 2 of 6
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 3 of 6
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 4 of 6
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 5 of 6
critical historical and miscellaneous essays vol. 6 of 6
social life in old virginia before the war by thomas nelson page
oxford by edward thomas
richard steele's plays by richard steele
carl the trailer by harry castlemon
section-cutting: a practical guide by sylvester marsh
the municipal and sanitary engineer's handbook by h. percy boulnois
when i was a boy in japan by sakae shioya
theosophy and life's deeper problems by annie besant
the iris by various
dean dunham by hortatio alger
a woman of the ice age by louis pope gratacap
a madcap cruise by oric bates
wise saws and modern instances volume 1 of 2 by thomas cooper
the lost parchment by fergus hume
the coming of the white men by mary hazelton wade
the story of my life from childhood to manhood by georg ebers
kate meredith financier by c. j. cutcliffe hyne
the sapphire signet by augusta huiell seaman
a history of the british army vol. 1 by j. w. fortescue
quarterly of the oregon historical society vol. 1 no. 2 by various
anthropophagy by charles w. darling
life and confession of sophia hamilton by william h. jackson
forward pass by ralph henry barbour
new england and the bavarian illuminati by vernon stauffer
letters of asa gray vol. 1 by asa gray
letters of asa gray vol. 2 by asa gray
the diamond ship by max pemberton
godey's lady's book philadelphia volume 48 march 1854 by various
london labour and the london poor vol. 1 of 4 by henry mayhew
the marvellous land of oz by l. frank baum
studies in greek scenery legend and history by james george frazer
old virginia and her neighbours vol. 1 of 2 by john fiske
marsena and other stories of the wartime by harold frederic
one thousand ways to make money by page fox
marjorie in command by carolyn wells
the demagogue and lady phayre by william j. locke
idols by william j. locke
the black barque by t. jenkins hains
business administration by various
a class-book of biblical history and geography by henry s. osborn
the power of truth by william george jordan
the catholic world vol. 20 october 1874-march 1875 by various
vienna 1683 by henry elliot malden
e r b by w. pett ridge
old virginia and her neighbours by john fiske
folklore of scottish lochs and springs by james m. mackinlay
inside the lines by earl derr biggers and robert welles ritchie
port arthur by richard barry
lincoln's plan of reconstruction by charles h. mccarthy
rock-climbing in the english lake district by owen glynne jones
story of duciehurst; a tale of the mississippi
jewish portraits by lady katie magnus
cleopatra by henry houssaye
the day of doom by michael wigglesworth
the young circus rider by horatio alger jr.
old crosses and lychgates by aymer vallance
presidential problems by grover cleveland
in tamal land by helen bingham
list of post offices in canada 1873 by postmaster general of canada
seneca's morals of a happy life benefits anger and clemency
love insurance by earl derr biggers
notes geographical and historical relating to the town of
the fever of life by fergus hume
a traitor in london by fergus hume
dream-songs for the beloved by eleanor farjeon
in queer street by fergus hume
john marshall by james bradley thayer
janus in modern life by w. m. flinders petrie
the gallery of portraits with memoirs vol. 7 of 7 by anonymous
the ranch girls at boarding school by margaret vandercook
the review vol. 1 no. 2 1911 by various
ten years of missionary work among the indians at skokomish
walks in washington by francis e. leupp
the dickens country by frederic g. kitton
bringing up the boy by carl werner
the man behind the bars by winifred louise taylor
irrigation works by e. s. bellasis
general anatomy applied to physiology and medicine
pop-guns by frances elizabeth barrow
harper's young people march 14 1882 by various
letters to a friend by john muir
rules and directions for the employment of injections
in the footprints of charles lamb by benjamin ellis martin
patsy by henry de vere stacpoole
with roberts to pretoria by g. a. henty
general anatomy applied to physiology and medicine
the benefit of the doubt a comedy in three acts by arthur wing pinero
evening tales by jean baptiste frdric ortoli
the man from bar 20 by clarence e. mulford
fairy tales from gold lands by may wentworth
the story of gsta berling by selma lagerlf
auror: their characters and spectra by j. rand capron
chess strategy by edward lasker
essays on mankind and political arithmetic by william petty
the three furlongers by sheila kaye-smith
word portraits of famous writers by mabel elizabeth wotton
the viking age volume 1 of 2 by paul b. du chaillu
the viking age volume 2 of 2 by paul b. du chaillu
billy to-morrow stands the test by sarah pratt carr
the surprise book by patten beard
the island of fantasy by fergus hume
the boy volunteers with the british artillery by kenneth ward
york and lancaster by william garmon jones
the ohio journal of science by various
the abounding american by thomas william hodgson crosland
argentina and uruguay by gordon ross
the boy volunteers on the belgian front by kenneth ward
the three voyages of captain cook round the world vol. 1 being
cupid's fair-weather booke by oliver herford and john cecil clay
list of post offices in canada 1864 by postmaster general of canada
the unspeakable scot by thomas william hodgson crosland
my book of ten fishes by rosalie g. mendel
the school four by albertus t. dudley
rodney the overseer by harry castlemon
san francisco relief survey; the organization and methods
following the sun-flag by john fox
backwater by dorothy m. richardson
conrad in quest of his youth by leonard merrick
poems by cora c. bass
the b. o. w. c. by james de mille
fire in the woods by james de mille
picked up adrift by james de mille
treasure of the seas by james de mille
the pink shop by fergus hume
deerfoot on the prairies by edward s. ellis
persian literature by elizabeth a. reed
the problem of manflight by james means
a probable italian source of shakespeare's julius csar
in the line by albertus t. dudley
baron d'holbach by max pearson cushing
the inhumanity of socialism by edward f. adams
flint and feather by e. pauline johnson
through spain to the sahara by matilda betham-edwards
italian fantasies by israel zangwill
poetical works of robert bridges by robert bridges
cupid's cyclopedia by oliver herford and john cecil clay
the story of noah's ark by e. boyd smith
municipal housecleaning by william parr capes
frank merriwell's endurance by burt l. standish
stories from the operas by gladys davidson
simplex munditiis gentlemen by mortimer de lannoy
kultur in cartoons by louis raemaekers
a boy of old japan by robert van bergen
from convent to conflict by sister marie antoine
low tide on grand pr by bliss carman
living the radiant life by george wharton james
when i was your age by laura e. richards
the undercurrent by robert grant
the book of the ocean by ernest ingersoll
rules and examples of perspective proper for painters
writings of thomas jefferson vol. 8 of 9
zigzag journeys in the camel country by samuel m. zwemer
wellington's army 1809-1814 by charles oman
a tour through south america by archibald stevenson forrest
the city of the discreet by pobaroja
the poems of madison cawein vol. 4 of 5 by madison cawein
general anatomy applied to physiology and medicine
keely and his discoveries by clara sophia jessup bloomfield moore
list of post offices in canada 1866 by postmaster general of canada
susan proudleigh by herbert de lisser
catcher craig by christy mathewson
ruth's marriage in mars by mrs. charles wilder glass
pumps and hydraulics part 1 of 2 by william rogers
tower of ivory by gertrude atherton
history of greece volume 1 of 12 by george grote
world's greatest military spies and secret service agents
a book of american explorers by thomas wentworth higginson
the general historie of virginia new england and the summer isles
from dublin to chicago by george a. birmingham
goodbird the indian by edward goodbird and gilbert l. wilson
an appeal to the people in behalf of their rights as authorized
the scarlet bat by fergus hume
the laughing willow by oliver herford
the alps by arnold henry moore lunn
the poetical works of william wordsworth volume 5 of 8
a troublesome flock by elizabeth f. guptill
the flight of georgiana by robert neilson stephens
the flower of the flock volume 1 of 3 by pierce egan
the flower of the flock volume 3 of 3 by pierce egan
the americans by hugo mnsterberg
spain from within by rafael shaw
guy harris the runaway by harry castlemon
the catholic world vol. 23 april 1876-september 1876 by various
frederick the great by w. f. reddaway
jules of the great heart by lawrence mott
the little london directory of 1677 by roger l'estrange
musketry by anonymous
birds of britain by j. lewis bonhote
memoirs of john abernethy by george macilwain
fairy tales from gold lands by may wentworth
the future of the women's movement by helena m. swanwick
a book of gems by benjamin franklin
poetical works of robert bridges vol. 5 by robert bridges
seventeen years in paris by h. e. noyes
making the nine by albertus t. dudley
new york nocturnes and other poems by charles g. d. roberts
halloween a romaunt with lays meditative and devotional
pleiades club year book 1910 by the n. y. pleiades club
shores of the polar sea by edward l. moss
the mountains of fears by henry c. rowland
gray days and gold by william winter
the race of the swift by edwin carlile litsey
the peacock of jewels by fergus hume
the great valley by edgar lee masters
old clinkers by harvey j. o'higgins
physiological researches on life and death by xavier bichat
analysis of the phenomena of the human mind by james mill
seventeen years in the underworld by wellington scott
the mania of the nations on the planet mars and its terrific
snowed up; or the sportman's club in the mountains by harry castlemon
the egregious english by angus mcneill
rebellion by joseph medill patterson
the sketches of seymour part 1 by robert seymour
bacon's essays and wisdom of the ancients by francis bacon
turkish literature by various
an act in a backwater by e. f. benson
poems by robert bridges
a book of distinctive interiors by various
the lady's country companion by jane webb loudon
old mines of southern california by california state mineralogist
peanut by albert bigelow paine
the future in america by herbert george wells
the wild elephant and the method of capturing and
apparitions and thought-transference: an examination
comic history of the united states by livingston hopkins
tyburn tree by alfred marks
historic bubbles by frederic leake
geographical distribution of animals vol. 1 by alfred russel wallace
geographical distribution of animals vol. 2 by alfred russel wallace
the life and death of mrs. maria bickford by silas wilder
slicko the jumping squirrel by richard barnum
the simple adventures of a memsahib by sara jeannette duncan
wild roses by howard r. driggs
the philosophy of auguste comte by lucien lvy-bruhl
in a quiet village by sabine baring-gould
germinal by mile zola
literary landmarks of venice by laurence hutton
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 1 january 1847 by various
spain in 1830 vol. 1 by henry d. inglis
a life of walt whitman by henry bryan binns
the naughty man or sir thomas brown by frank chapman bliss
harper's round table march 3 1896 by various
miss parloa's young housekeeper by maria parloa
the joy of life by mile zola
'monsieur henri' by louise imogen guiney
the popol vuh by lewis spence
patty's pleasure trip by carolyn wells
peter poodle - toy maker to the king by william henry bradley
the life and times of alfred the great by charles plummer
the sketches of seymour complete by robert seymour
stories by foreign authors: polish by various
kidnapped by robert louis stevenson
her sailor by marshall saunders
jaquelina by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
water wonders every child should know by jean m. thompson
legends of fire island beach and the south side by edward richard shaw
adrian savage by lucas malet
d'orsay by william teignmouth shore
patty in the city by carolyn wells
what a girl can make and do by lina beard and adelia b. beard
harper's round table march 24 1896 by various
contemporary composers by daniel gregory mason
the gilded man by a. f. bandelier
lewis arundel by frank e. smedley
frank hunter's peril by horatio alger jr.
madame de stal by bella duffy
dauber by john masefield
songs unsung by lewis morris
a history of the british army vol. 2 of 2 by j. w. fortescue
the romance of the romanoffs by joseph mccabe
my story by anson mills
village folk-tales of ceylon vol. 1 of 3 by henry parker
musical studies by ernest newman
the canadian horticulturist volume i by various
general history of connecticut from its first settlement
quaint korea by louise jordan miln
songs of the west by s. baring-gould h. fleetwood sheppard
an essay on colophons by alfred w. pollard
harper's young people march 28 1882 by various
rome by w. warde fowler
the catholic world volume 8 by various
two little women and treasure house by carolyn wells
the city that was by stephen smith
the monist vol. 1 1890-1891 by various
hand grenades by graham m. ainslie
the republic of the future by anna bowman dodd
harper's round table march 31 1896 by various
bulfinch's mythology by thomas bulfinch
paganism surviving in christianity by abram herbert lewis
kitty of the roses by ralph henry barbour
his excellency by mile zola
life in the soudan by josiah williams
idle hours in a library by william henry hudson
honeycomb by dorothy m. richardson
tales and stories by mary wollstonecraft shelley
our lady of the pillar by ea de queirs
the last three soldiers by william henry shelton
vagabonding down the andes by harry alverson franck
the attic guest by robert e. knowles
harper's young people april 4 1882 by various
a text-book of paper-making by c. f. cross and e. j. bevan
tom temple's career by horatio alger jr.
editha's burglar by frances hodgson burnett
arqtiq by anna adolph
ketchup by a. w. bitting and k. g. bitting
sanctuary by percy mackaye
mrs. essington by esther chamberlain and lucia chamberlain
bertrand of brittany by warwick deeping
members of the family by owen wister
mimi's marriage by lidia ivanovna veselitskaya
lanagan by edward h. hurlbut
harper's round table april 7 1896 by various
a modern purgatory by carlo de fornaro
tony the tramp by horatio alger
a vagabond journey around the world by harry alverson franck
harper's young people april 11 1882 by various
survey of the high roads of england and wales. part the first
larry dexter and the stolen boy by howard r. garis
the grandeur that was rome by j.c. stobart
little stories of married life by mary stewart cutting
tarry thou till i come by george croly
the jolly book of boxcraft by patten beard
double play by ralph henry barbour
the young book agent by horatio alger
anton tchekhov by lev shestov
the visions of the sleeping bard by ellis wynne
wild life in new zealand. part 1 mammalia by george m. thomson
the house of orchids and other poems by george sterling
the bashful earthquake by oliver herford
harper's round table april 14 1896 by various
scribner's magazine volume 26 august 1899 by various
harper's young people april 18 1882 by various
the land of riddles by hugo ganz
the polly page ranch club by izola louise forrester
practical hand book of gas oil and steam engines by john b.rathbun
the philippine islands 1493-1898; volume 49 by various
the hemlock avenue mystery by roman doubleday
thrills of a bell boy by samuel ellsworth kiser
7 to 12 by anna katharine green
st. patrick the father of a sacred nation by j. f. loughlin
a year in a yawl by russell doubleday
the story-book of science by jean-henri fabre
1000 things worth knowing by nathaniel c. fowler
the downfall by mile zola
harper's round table april 21 1896 by various
turgenev by edward garnett
more stories of married life by mary stewart cutting
w. kent & co's annual catalogue october 1858 by various
hints on driving by c. morley knight
four phases of morals: socrates aristotle christianity
winnetou the apache knight by marion ames taggart
good form for all occasions by florence howe hall
the flags of our fighting army by stanley c. johnson
the king of the park by marshall saunders
the polly page yacht club by izola l. forrester
historical record of the fifty-third or shropshire
the saintsbury affair by roman doubleday
the century illustrated monthly magazine july 1913 by various
harper's young people april 25 1882 by various
the disappearing eye by fergus hume
harper's round table april 28 1896 by various
time and free will by henri bergson
heart of europe by ralph adams cram
the water of life by charles kingsley
gambolling with galatea: a bucolic romance by curtis dunham
the art of being happy by joseph droz
minerva's manoeuvres by charles battell loomis
psychology and parenthood by h. addington bruce
the eleventh hour in the life of julia ward howe by maud howe elliott
first love and other stories by ivn turgnieff
the secret doctrine vol. 3 of 4 by helena petrovna blavatsky
balaam and his master by joel chandler harris
the junior classics volume 3: tales from greece and rome by various
helon's pilgrimage to jerusalem volume 2 of 2 by frederick strauss
tom thatcher's fortune by horatio alger jr.
the vicar of morwenstow by sabine baring-gould
introduction to the scientific study of education
the delinquent vol. iv no. 3 march 1914 by various
fnelon: the mystic by james mudge
pictures and problems from london police courts by thomas holmes
river and canal engineering by edward skelton bellasis
maud and other poems by alfred tennyson
the book of elves and fairies for story-telling and reading aloud
addresses by john a martin
pierrot dog of belgium by walter a. dyer
turner's golden visions by charles lewis hind
robin hood by joseph ritson
the spanish armada 1588 by john pine
history of frederick the second by john s. c. abbott
suffrage songs and verses by charlotte perkins gilman
peter paragon by john palmer
the village champion by w. o. stoddard
the venus of milo by paul carus
mycenae by heinrich schliemann
ancient curious and famous wills by virgil mcclure harris
st nicotine by edward vincent heward
an autumn sowing by e. f. benson
battles of destiny by m. fides shepperson
catholic world volume 24 october 1876 to march 1877 by various
the fern bulletin october 1903 by various
the midnight guest by fred m. white
the red house on rowan street by roman doubleday
quarterly of the oregon historical society vol. 1 no. 1 by various
the wheels of time by florence louisa barclay
patroon van volkenberg by henry thew stephenson
adrift in the city by horatio alger jr.
the man from mars by william simpson
the boy travellers in the far east by thomas wallace knox
money by mile zola
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 14 july 24 1858
sermons for the day by edward hoare
the campaign of waterloo by john codman ropes
a second letter to the rev. william maskell m.a. by mayow wynell mayow
jack chanty by hulbert footner
the boy aeronauts' club by ashton lamar
the challoners by e. f. benson
the intimate letters of hester piozzi and penelopepennington
the heritage of unrest by gwendolen overton
pieces people ask for by various
a minor poet and other verse by amy levy
patrins by louise imogen guiney
the pocket lavater by unknown
prince rupert the buccaneer by c. j. cutcliffe hyne
observations upon the town of cromer by edmund bartell
memoirs of the reign of king george the third volume 1 of 4
scriptural and hieroglyphic observations which were foretold
the fall of the great republic (1886-88) by henry standish coverdale
stavrogin's confession and the plan of the life of a great sinner
london labour and the london poor vol. 3 of 4 by henry mayhew
stories of symphonic music by lawrence gilman
the corner house by fred m. white
the festival of spring by maulana jall-al-dn rm
obesity or excessive corpulence: the various causes
napoleon by thomas e. watson
the pursuit of happiness by daniel g. brinton
autobiography of a child by hannah lynch
the old and the new magic by henry ridgely evans
the memoirs of charles h. cramp by augustus c. buell
the bitter cry of the children by john spargo
science from an easy chair by ray lankester
barry wynn by george barton
the sealed valley by hulbert footner
memoirs of the reign of king george the third
a daughter of japan by f. d. bone
history of greece volume 2 of 12 by george grote
the camp fire girls at driftwood heights by margaret love sanderson
enchanted india by prince bojidar karageorgevitch
girls of the morning-glory camp fire by isabel hornibrook
beethoven and his forerunners by daniel gregory mason
the scarecrow; or the glass of truth by percy mackaye
the historians' history of the world in twenty-five volumes
a dissertation on horses by william osmer
memoirs by prince de joinville
notes of a gold digger and gold diggers' guide by james bonwick
a narrative of the melancholy wreck of the dunbar by anonymous
warwick the kingmaker by charles oman
mark tidd by clarence b. kelland and w. w. clarke
just a girl by charles garvice
my japanese wife by clive holland
the wisconsin magazine of history volume 1 1917-1918 by various
australia at war by will dyson
the life of a fossil hunter by charles h. sternberg
the literary shop and other tales by james l. ford
napoleon's russian campaign of 1812 by edward foord
bayonet training manual by anonymous
beautiful lakeland by ashley p. abraham
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by various
mark tidd in the backwoods by clarence b. kelland
regeneration by thomas hunt morgan
mark tidd's citadel by clarence budington kelland
left to themselves by edward irenus stevenson
in a syrian saddle by ada goodrich-freer
the jew the gypsy and el islam by richard f. burton
some medical aspects of old age by humphry davy rolleston
hocus pocus by henry dean
mark tidd manufacturer by clarence budington kelland
thieves' wit by hulbert footner
the history of the rise increase and progress of the christian
thinking as a science by henry hazlitt
china revolutionized by john stuart thomson
my queen: a weekly journal for young women issue 1
the book of the native by charles g. d. roberts
the indians of the pike's peak region by irving howbert
good-morning rosamond! by constance lindsay skinner
the shewing-up of blanco posnet by george bernard shaw
press cuttings by george bernard shaw
oliver cromwell and the rule of the puritans in england
terra australis incognita by ferdinand de quir
my queen: a weekly journal for young women. issue 2 october 6 1900
the juvenile scrap-book for 1849 by various
yellow star: a story of east and west by elaine goodale eastman
the fern bulletin april 1912 by various
the century of the child by ellen karolina sofia key
manual of classical erotology (de figuris veneris)
the diary of a french private by gaston riou
studies in irish history 1603-1649 by various
echoes from the orient by wiliam q. judge
under lock and key volume 1 of 3 by t. w. speight
scott burton forester by edward gheen cheyney
the luck of the dudley grahams by alice calhoun haines
spirits do return by mrs. ida belle white
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 51 1801-1840 by various
the boy inventors and the vanishing gun by richard bonner
my day by sara rice pryor
fighting germany's spies by french strother
aunt jo's scrap-bag volume 4 by louisa may alcott
the heart of a mystery by t. w. speight
the nether stone by fred m. white
the feeding of school children by mildred emily bulkley
the yellow face by fred m. white
races and peoples by daniel garrison brinton
west point by robert charlwood richardson jr.
the secrets of the self by muhammad iqbal
san isidro by mrs. schuyler crowninshield
the battle of tsu-shima by vladimir ivanovich semenov
artful anticks by oliver herford
si klegg books 1-6 complete by john mcelroy
the fox that wanted nine golden tails by kathleen gray nelson
my year in a log cabin by w. d. howells
the lives and opinions of eminent philosophers by diogenes lartius
captain cook in new south wales by james bonwick
the silver caves by ernest ingersoll
a motor-flight through france by edith wharton
table d'hte by w. pett ridge
the great horse by walter gilbey
stella australis by e. coungeau
the logic of chance 3rd edition by john venn
the 21st missouri regiment infantry veteran volunteers by various
thames valley villages volume 1 of 2 by charles g. harper
thames valley villages volume 2 of 2 by charles g. harper
all things are possible by lev shestov
the mysteries of heron dyke volume 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
fenris the wolf by percy mackaye
literary history of the adelphi and its neighbourhood
annals and antiquities of rajasthan vol. 1 of 3 by james tod
annals and antiquities of rajasthan vol. 2 of 3 by james tod
annals and antiquities of rajasthan vol. 3 of 3 by james tod
the nile in 1904 by william willcocks
diary kept by rifleman b.c. stubbs of the second draft
the one dog and the others by frances elizabeth slaughter
the collected works of william hazlitt
how to install electric bells annunciators and alarms
picket or pettigrew by w. r. bond
the writings of henry david thoreau volume 7 of 20
the dreadnought boys aboard a destroyer by john henry goldfrap
sermons by the late rev. richard de courcy
education of women by m. carey thomas
village folk-tales of ceylon volume 2 of 3 by henry parker
rambles in istria dalmatia and montenegro by r. h. r
the watcher by the threshold by john buchan
what a young wife ought to know by emma f. angell drake
my merry rockhurst by agnes castle and egerton castle
the book of friendship by reginald wright kauffman
selection from j. & a. churchill's general catalogue (1890)
the magic of the horse-shoe by robert means lawrence
the mysteries of heron dyke volume 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
minion of the moon by thomas wilkinson speight
the courtship of miles standish by henry wadsworth longfellow
a modern madonna by caroline abbot stanley
the book of love by paolo mantegazza
baron trump's marvellous underground journey by ingersoll lockwood
the sheep-stealers by violet jacob
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 52 1841-1898 by various
glove lore by unknown
the catholic world vol. 9 april 1869-september 1869 by various
a soldier's experience in southern prisons by christian miller prutsman
the underground world: by thos. w. knox
the aviator and the weather bureau by ford ashman carpenter
the american missionary volume 36 no. 1 january 1882 by various
five years under the southern cross by frederick chambers spurr
the frozen north by richard mayde
jacquette a sorority girl by grace ethelwyn cody
ten degrees backward by ellen thorneycroft fowler
jacqueline of the carrier pigeons by augusta huiell seaman
lauds and libels by charles larcom graves
doctor rabbit and tom wildcat by thomas clark hinkle
captured by apes by harry prentice
the yellow pearl by adeline margaret teskey
experience of a confederate states prisoner by beckwith west
philip by virginia c. young and mary c. hungerford
a secret of the sea vol. 2 of 3 by t. w. speight
the war that will end war by h. g. wells
the picture gallery explored by unknown
the napoleon gallery by achille reveil
a secret of the sea vol. 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
omega: the last days of the world by camille flammarion
engraved gems by maxwell sommerville
the natural history of pliny volume 1 of 6 by pliny the elder
trolley folly by henry wallace phillips
the wanderers by mary johnston
the land of joy by ralph henry barbour
a history of economic doctrines by charles gide and charles rist
index for works of robert w. buchanan
the observations of sir richard hawkins knt in his voyage
irresolute catherine by violet jacob
the angel in the cloud by edwin wiley fuller
little histories of north american indians #4 the hopi
index for works of ruth ogden
plutarch's romane questions by plutarch
imported americans by broughton brandenburg
the junior classics volume 2 folk tales and myths by various
the junior classics volume 9 stories of to-day by various
confidential chats with boys by william lee howard
the great white way; by albert bigelow paine
the making of the great west by samuel adams drake
passages from the life of a philosopher by charles babbage
three short stories from 'the captain' vol. 27 by percy f. westerman
he knew lincoln by ida m. tarbell
letter on corpulence by william banting
mile zola by ernest alfred vizetelly
the principles of leather manufacture by h. r. procter
confidential chats with girls by william lee howard
the comedy and tragedy of the second empire by edward legge
the early life of abraham lincoln by ida m. tarbell
doctor rabbit and ki-yi coyote by thomas clark hinkle
st. george and st. michael complete by george macdonald
lysbeth by h. rider haggard
many cargoes by w. w. jacobs
motherhood and the relationships of the sexes
a method of tanning without bark by william maple
admiral's light by henry milner rideout
sarah bernhardt by jules huret
the book of the homeless by edith wharton
george washington by john s. c. abbott
love and marriage by ellen key
the western echo by george w. romspert
the red light of mars by george bronson-howard
the poems of sidney lanier
a barren title by t. w. speight
the spanish galleon by charles sumner seeley
the secret of wyvern towers by t. w. speight
wichita by fred harvey
the principles of psychology volume 1 of 2 by william james
the power-house by john buchan
the principles of psychology volume 2 of 2 by william james
zigzag journeys in the white city by hezekiah butterworth
the chartreuse of parma by stendhal
pumps and hydraulics part two by william rogers
the black bear by william h. wright
doctor izard by anna katharine green
the saint of the dragon's dale by william stearns davis
the passing of mars by marguerite ogden bigelow wilkinson
iceland by waterman spaulding chapman russell
joseph pennell's pictures of the wonder of work
the english lakes by w. t. palmer
famous leaders among men by sarah knowles bolton
changing world and lectures to theosophical students
the secret of life death and immortality by henry fleetwood
the problem of cell 13 by jacques futrelle
scenes in the west by anonymous
evolution social and organic by arthur m. lewis
a secret of the sea vol. 1 of 3 by t. w. speight
cotton manufacturing by c. p. brooks
griffith gaunt; or jealousy all 3 volumes by charles reade
the luck of the vails by e. f. benson
harper's young people may 2 1882 by various
harper's round table may 5 1896 by various
the young scout by edward s. ellis
toronto by gaslight: the night hawks of a great city
mixed grill by w. pett ridge
the great war of 189- by p. colomb j. f. maurice f. n. maude
the american indian in the united states by warren k. moorehead
hudson tercentenary by frank chamberlain
the animal parasites of man by h. b. fantham
the sermon on the mount by charles gore
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 1 january 1850 by various
kelion franklin peddicord by mrs. india w. p. logan
memoirs of eighty years by thomas gordon hake
kingsford quarter by ralph henry barbour
a woman rice planter by elizabeth w. allston pringle
queer luck by david a curtis
the mysteries of heron dyke volume 1 of 3 by t. w. speight
bess of the woods by warwick deeping
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
from boniface to bank burglar by george m. white
a brief history of the king's royal rifle corps by edward hutton
daughters of nijo by winnifred eaton
the thread of life by eulalia infanta of spain
james russell lowell a biography vol. 1 of 2
james russell lowell a biography; vol 2 of 2
the catholic world vol. 25 april 1877 to september 1877 by various
the legislative manual of the state of colorado by thomas b. corbett
chatto & windus's list of books july 1878 by chatto and windus
new york: its upper ten and lower million by george lippard
french ways and their meaning by edith wharton
the details of the rocket system by william congreve
scribner's magazine volume 26 september 1899 by various
harper's young people may 9 1882 by various
harper's round table may 12 1896 by various
it was marlowe by william gleason zeigler
a character of the province of maryland by george alsop
how to master the spoken word by edwin gordon lawrence
a secret of the sea vol. 2 of 3 by t. w. speight
a secret of the sea vol. 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
the history teacher's magazine vol. 1 no. 9 may 1910 by various
other people's money by louis dembitz brandeis
the men on deck by felix riesenberg
the story of rustem by elizabeth d. renninger
the common lot by robert herrick
the gift of friendship by various
the wild irishman by thomas william hodgson crosland
harper's young people may 16 1882 by various
harper's round table may 19 1896 by various
the adventures of jimmy brown by w. l. alden
memoirs of the reign of king george the second volume 2 of 3
universal brotherhood volume 13 no. 11 february 1899 by various
a tramp abroad part 1 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 2 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 3 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 4 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 5 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 6 by mark twain
a tramp abroad part 7 by mark twain
the praise of shakespeare by various
dictionary of historical allusions by thomas benfield harbottle
the middle kingdom volume 1 of 2 by samuel wells williams
a cruise in the sky by ashton lamar
harper's young people may 23 1882 by various
harper's round table may 26 1896 by various
naval actions of the war of 1812 by james barnes
the comanches by frank m. myers
the history teacher's magazine vol. 1 no. 5 january 1910 by various
the country school by martha russell orne
luncheons by mary ronald
the story of the highland regiments by frederick watson
decisive battles of america by ripley hitchcock
the doom of london by frederick merrick white
seventeen trips through somliland by captain harald g. c. swayne
running free by james b. connolly
outlines of jewish history from b.c. 586 to c.e. 1885
a class room logic by george hastings mcnair
the romance of wills and testaments by edgar vine hall
poetical works of robert bridges volume 6 by robert bridges
the boy's hakluyt by edwin m. bacon
the pirate of jasper peak by cornelia meigs
marion by winnifred eaton and henry hutt
the man with the iron hand by john carl parish
julia france and her times by gertrude atherton
master simon's garden by cornelia meigs
the boy and his gang by j. adams puffer
the russo-japanese conflict by k. asakawa
the third alarm by james l. ford
the dread voyage by william wilfred campbell
a treatyse of fysshynge wyth an angle by juliana berners
in the dead of night vol. 1 of 3 by t. w. speight
in the dead of night vol. 2 of 3 by t. w. speight
in the dead of night vol. 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
harper's young people may 30 1882 by various
harper's round table june 2 1896 by various
two tracts on civil liberty the war with america and the debts
excavating a husband by ella bell wallis
the island of appledore by cornelia meigs
the curious lore of precious stones by george frederick kunz
mother nurse and infant by s. p. sackett
mother nurse and infant by s. p. sackett
scribner's magazine volume 26 october 1899 by various
the emigrant by lyubov fyodorovna dostoieffskaya
son of the soil by mrs. margaret oliphant
the sea monarch by percy f. westerman
mother nurse and infant by s. p. sackett
the tragedies of seneca by lucius annaeus seneca
spiritual victories through the light of salvation by john church
the glorious law-giver and the obedient subject by john church
hurrell froude by louise imogen guiney
a feast for serpents by john church
the living letter written with the pen of truth by john church
the morning of spiritual youth improved by john church
the dreadnought boys on a submarine by wilbur lawton
the nature of a gospel church by john church
the speedy appearance of christ by john church
a few remarks on the scripture history of saul
the rod in pickle by t. latham
the infamous life of john church by anonymous
the trial and conviction of john church by a barrister
my queen: a weekly journal for young women. issue 4
my queen: a weekly journal for young women. issue 5
harper's young people june 6 1882 by various
the trial and conviction of that infamous hypocrite john church
the sentence and affidavit of john church by joseph a. dowling
the foundling by john church
the century illustrated monthly magazine august 1913 by various
the red court farm vol. 1 of 2 by mrs. henry wood
the red court farm vol. 2 of 2 by mrs. henry wood
consolation in life and death by john church
the self-plumbed bishop unplumed by t. latham
a correct account of the horrible occurence by anonymous
harper's round table june 9 1896 by various
reminiscences of confederate service 1861-1865 by francis w. dawson
a letter to the people of madeley and its vicinity
a letter on suspended animation by henry hickman
the unity of the church essential to the conversion of the world
travels into bokhara volume 1 of 3 by alexander burnes
caliban by the yellow sands by percy mackaye
the french in algiers by clemens lamping and franois antoine alby
the poems of madison cawein vol. 5
roland yorke by mrs. henry wood
the honorable miss moonlight by winnifred eaton
the life and letters of the rev. george mortimer m.a.
a trip to the chain-bridge near bangor by a gentleman of liverpool
reminiscences of tottenham by harriet couchman
words; their use and abuse by william mathews
ragged homes and how to mend them by mary bayly
representative british orations with introductions
observations on coroners by william hewitt
a letter to the bishop of exeter by edward hall alderson
a second letter to the bishop of exeter by edward hall alderson
for the story teller by carolyn sherwin bailey
facts and assertions: or a brief and plain exhibition
harper's young people june 13 1882 by various
the structure and habits of spiders by james henry emerton
report of the cromer ladies' bible association 1838
brompton square act 1825 by anonymous
what will they say at brompton? by j. stirling coyne
like another helen by george horton
go to cromer by a rural rector
imperialism in south africa by j. ewing ritchie
a guide to cromer and its neighbourhood by a visitor
the historians' history of the world in twenty-five volumes
colonel henry ludington by willis fletcher johnson
the american missionary volume 36 no. 12 december 1882 by various
through hell with hiprah hunt by arthur young
tom pagdin pirate by edwin james brady
the manchester and glasgow road vol. 1 of 2 by charles g. harper
the saint's everlasting rest by richard baxter
lawn-tennis by james dwight
memoirs of the reign of king george the third
a topographical account of market lavington by henry atley
visits to fields of battle in england of the fifteenth century
an essay on the encroachments of the german ocean
essay on the classification of the insane by matthew allen
the cambrian directory 1800 by anonymous
fresco painting by james ward
successful exploration through the interior of australia
allen's west london street directory 1868 by samuel allen
doodles the sunshine boy by emma c. dowd
when you were a boy by edwin legrand sabin
harper's round table june 16 1896 by various
haworth's by frances hodgson burnett
the crystal palace and other legends by marie henriette frary
a compendium of the soul by abu-`aly al-husayn ibn `abdallah ibn sina
oswald cray by mrs. henry wood
winning his y by ralph henry barbour
the journal of electricity power and gas volume 20
popular superstitions and the truths contained therein by herbert mayo
lakeland words by bryham kirkby
a history of greek economic thought by albert augustus trever
the canadian entomologist vol. 12 no. 2 february 1880 by various
the noble and gentle men of england by evelyn philip shirley
history of atchison county kansas by sheffield ingalls
the destinies of the stars by svante arrhenius
harper's young people june 20 1882 by various
the legends of the iroquois by william w. canfield
battles & bivouacs by jacques roujon
a surgeon in arms by r. j. manion
predecessors of cleopatra by leigh north
library essays; papers related to the work of publiclibraries
the characters of theophrastus by theophrastus
the jews among the greeks and romans by max radin
dagonet ditties by george r. sims
harper's round table june 23 1896 by various
educating by story-telling by katherine dunlap cather
the russian army and the japanese war vol. 1 of 2
diary and letters of madame d'arblay vol. 1 of 3 by fanny burney
the candle and the cat by mary f. leonard
war--what for? by george r. kirkpatrick
the delinquent vol. 4 no. 4) april 1914 by various
the waterloo campaign 1815 by william siborne
6000 tons of gold by h. r. chamberlain
blue jackets by edward greey
the tragic story of the empress of ireland by logan marshall
fools of fortune by john philip quinn
the burton holmes lectures volume 1 of 10
to london town by arthur morrison
girls of '64 by emilie benson knipe and alden arthur knipe
the slanderers by warwick deeping
bessy rane by mrs. henry wood
falling in with fortune by horatio alger jr. and arthur m. winfield
miss num of japan by winnifred eaton
the military adventures of charles o'neil by charles o'neil
slavery in history by adam gurowski
the story of paper-making by frank o. butler
the three brothers vol. 1 of 3 by mrs. margaret oliphant
the three brothers vol. 2 of 3 by mrs. margaret oliphant
the three brothers vol. 3 of 3 by mrs. margaret oliphant
the three brothers complete by mrs. margaret oliphant
through one administration by frances hodgson burnett
the dune country by earl howell reed
the life and correspondence of sir anthony panizzi vol. 1 of 2
tarr by percy wyndham lewis
hatsu: a story of egypt by laura dayton fessenden
within the maze vol. 1 of 2 by mrs. henry wood
within the maze vol. 2 of 2 by mrs. henry wood
the three brothers by eden phillpotts
the passing of empire by h. fielding-hall
harper's young people june 27 1882 by various
latin american mythology by hartley burr alexander
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights entertainments
armenia by robert curzon
sketches of indian character by james napier bailey
harper's round table june 30 1896 by various
a short list of scientific books by e. & f. n. spon february 1914
um san in japan by etta blaisdell mcdonald and julia dalrymple
montessori children by carolyn sherwin bailey
a short list of scientific books sept. 1909 by e. spon and f. n. spon
battling the bighorn by ashton lamar
death to the inquisitive! by lurana waterhouse sheldon
colored branches of the louisville free public library
breaking the wilderness by frederick s. dellenbaugh
the babees' book by frederick james furnivall
in pursuit of spring by edward thomas
elements of trench warfare bayonet training by william henry waldron
john vytal: a tale of the lost colony by william farquhar payson
grounds of natural philosophy divided into thirteen parts
collected works of william hazlitt vol. 7 of 12
a little girl in old chicago by amanda m. douglas
the play of man by karl gross
the anti-slavery harp: a collection of songs for
by the way by agness greene foster
an address given in to the late king james by the
the child's book of nature by worthington hooker
eight girls and a dog by carolyn wells
la san-felice tome 7 emma lyonna tome 3 by alexandre dumas
roma beata; letters from the eternal city by maude howe elliott
orville college by mrs. henry wood
campfire girls' outing by stella m. francis
minkie by louis tracy
the modern bicycle and its accessories by anonymous
a book of the united states by various
harper's young people july 4 1882 by various
george edmund street unpublished notes and reprinted papers
harper's round table july 7 1896 by various
sicily in shadow and in sun by maud howe elliott
the south devon coast by charles g. harper
harper's young people july 11 1882 by various
the appreciation of music - vol. 1 of 3 by thomas whitney surette
lady car by mrs. margaret oliphant
use of the dead to the living by thomas southwood-smith
reading how to teach it by sarah louise arnold
chap-books and folk-lore tracts vol. 1 of 5 by various
observations of an illinois boy in battle camp and prisons
sun and shadow in spain by maude howe elliott
carpets by reginald seymore brinton
partial portraits by henry james
perry's saints by james moses nichols
manchester and glasgow road volume 2 of 2 by charles g. harper
comenius by will seymour monroe
journal of the american-irish historical society vol. 2 by various
the rajah's heir by charlotte despard
the bay state oologist vol. 1 no. 4 april 1888 by various
a short list of scientific books june 1913
the apothecary in eighteenth-century williamsburg by thomas k. ford
a confession of evangelical principles by john church
godey's lady's book vol. 48 no. 18 april 1854 by various
memoirs of the reign of king george the third
madame x a story of motherlove by j. w. mcconaughy
life in afrikanderland as viewed by an afrikander by cios
harper's round table july 14 1896 by various
brave belgians by camille buffin
reminiscences of peace and war by sara agnes rice pryor
the human interest by violet hunt
eric's book of beasts by david starr jordan
the prisoner at the bar by arthur train
the gracious designs of god by john church
the glory of grace effected by weak means by john church
the fall of jerusalem by john church jr.
is this your likeness? by john church
the elder son explained and the romish church exposed by john church
certain delightful english towns with glimpses of thepleasant
what i remember vol. 1 by thomas adolphus trollope
the believer's confidence in a faithful god by john church
the descent of the branch into the waters of sorrow by john church
children of the cliff by belle wiley and grace willard edick
lodrix the little lake dweller by belle wiley and grace willard edick
harper's young people july 18 1882 by various
an astronomer's wife by angelo hall
the thirteen names of the first patriarchs by john church
religion and morality vindicated against hypocrisy and pollution
the lament of the mormon wife by mariettta holley
christmas at thompson hall by anthony trollope
the essays of adam smith
memoirs of general william t. sherman vol. 2 part 1
from grieg to brahms by daniel gregory mason
travels and adventures of little baron trump and
plutarch on the delay of the divine justice by plutarch
tales of the trail by henry inman
condition of the american colored population and of the
audubon's western journal: 1849-1850 by john woodhouse audubon
fifty years a detective by thomas furlong
the fur-seal's tooth by kirk munroe
john l. stoddard's lectures by john l. stoddard
the prophet by kahlil gibran
the boys' and girls' pliny by the elder pliny and john s. white
hygiene: a manual of personal and public health
character sketches of romance fiction and the drama
another brownie book by palmer cox
the devil and parson church by anonymous
the sacrifice of life by john church
a treatise on fractures luxations and other affections
christ the true melchisedec by john church
the olivia letters by emily edson briggs
the phoenix of sodom by robert holloway
the voice of faith in the valley of achor vol. 1 of 2 by john church
the last rebel by joseph a. altsheler
the voice of faith in the valley of achor vol. 2 of 2 by john church
the power of a lie by johan bojer
war-time breads and cakes by amy l. handy
bob steele in strange waters by donald grayson
an irish cousin vol. 1 of 2 by geilles herring and martin ross
an irish cousin vol. 2 of 2 by geilles herring and martin ross
cavalry by friedrich von bernhardi
three great epoch-makers in music by edward farnsworth
the german secret service in america 1914-1918
tales from the gesta romanorum by anonymous
the child in human progress by george henry payne
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 6
gloves by willard m. smith
my rubaiyat by sadakichi hartmann
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 7
the holyhead road vol 1 by charles g. harper
westminster by walter besant
the land of content by edith barnard delano
the history of battery h first regiment rhode island light artillery
finding themselves by julia stimson
for the love of lady margaret: a romance of the lost colony
round about a pound a week by maud pember reeves
american architecture; studies by montgomery schuyler
memoirs of the reign of king george the second
kirsteen: the story of a scotch family seventy years ago
when scout meets scout by ashton lamar
campfire girls' lake camp by irene elliott benson
new history of the life and adventures of tom thumb by unknown
drawings of old london by philip norman
the day of doom by michael wigglesworth
the early history of the post in grant and farm by james wilson hyde
how the national association for the advancement
bernardin de st. pierre by arvde barine
small talk at wreyland first series by cecil torr
small talk at wreyland second series by cecil torr
pleasing poetry and pictures by anonymous
complete life of william mckinley and story of his assassination
superstition and force by henry charles lea
the friendly five by mary c. hungerford
the roses of saint elizabeth by jane scott woodruff
a manual of pyrotechny by g. w. mortimer
cycle rides round london by charles g. harper
court netherleigh by mrs. henry wood
the north devon coast by charles g. harper
the life of bismarck private and political by george hesekiel
lives of famous indian chiefs by norman b. wood
the queen's reign by walter besant
anatole france by walter lionel george
the daughter of virginia dare by mary virginia wall
david crockett: scout by charles fletcher allen
history of the australian bushrangers by george e. boxall
the girl of the golden west by david belasco
british popular customs by t. f. thistelton dyer
the heavens above by joseph anthony gillet and william james rolfe
sermons of the rev. francis a. baker by rev. a. f. hewit
cartoons on the war by boardman robinson
a short history of the royal navy 1217-1815 by david hannay
the praying skipper and other stories by ralph delahaye paine
the works of theodore roosevelt vol. 12 of 14
teutonic mythology vol. 2 of 3 by viktor rydberg
teutonic mythology vol. 3 of 3 by viktor rydberg
harper's young people july 25 1882 by various
the boy travellers in the far east part fourth by thomas w. knox
advice on fox-hunting by henry verney
the holyhead road vol 2 by charles g. harper
improved queen-rearing by henry alley
graham's magazine vol. 31 no. 1 july 1847 by various
throne-makers by william roscoe thayer
the works of william harvey m.d.
the extra day by algernon blackwood
jess by h. rider haggard
the physiology of marriage part ii by honore de balzac
the tale of tommy fox by arthur scott bailey
gallegher and other stories by richard harding davis
robert louis stevenson by alexander h. japp
an autobiography by anthony trollope
the institutes of justinian by caesar flavius justinian
clara hopgood by mark rutherford
in kedar's tents by henry seton merriman
old french romances by william morris
chapters of opera by henry edward krehbiel
the valley of vision by henry van dyke
catharine furze by mark rutherford
the duke of gandia by algernon charles swinburne
the englishman by ella wheeler wilcox
the spanish tragedie by thomas kyd
the roots of the mountains by william morris
stella fregelius by h. rider haggard
the bobbsey twins at snow lodge by laura lee hope
some poems by sir walter scott by sir walter scott
pike county ballads and other poems by john hay
the monk a romance by m. g. lewis
letters of george borrow by george borrow
the unwilling vestal by edward lucas white
the code of honor by john lyde wilson
the vampyre a tale by john polidori
the fair haven by samuel butler
their yesterdays by harold bell wright
a day of fate by e. p. roe
success with small fruits by e. p. roe
pamela by samuel richardson
his sombre rivals by e. p. roe
the home of the blizzard by sir douglas mawson
peck's bad boy with the cowboys by george w. peck
the note-books of samuel butler by samuel butler
pierre and his people complete by gilbert parker
mrs. falchion complete by gilbert parker
cumner & south sea folk complete by gilbert parker
the trail of the sword complete by gilbert parker
the pomp of the lavilettes complete by gilbert parker
the seats of the mighty complete by gilbert parker
the right of way complete by gilbert parker
donovan pasha and some people of egypt complete by gilbert parker
the battle of the books and other short pieces by jonathan swift
the money master complete by gilbert parker
personal narrative of travels to the equinoctial regions of america
the pillars of the house vol. 1 of 2 by charlotte m. yonge
play poems by various
the geological evidence of the antiquity of man by charles lyell
cecilia vol. 1 of 3 by frances burney
italian hours by henry james
the wonder-working magician by pedro calderon de la barca
the luck of roaring camp and other tales by bret harte
victory by joseph conrad
caius julius caesar by c. suetonius tranquillus
the lives of the twelve caesars complete by c. suetonius tranquillus
more pages from a journal by mark rutherford
john keble's parishes by charlotte m. yonge
letters of anton chekhov
life adventures and piracies of the famous captain singleton by
the surgeon's daughter by sir walter scott
prosepine and midas by mary shelley
the altar of the dead by henry james
the figure in the carpet by henry james
the coral island a tale of the pacific ocean by r. m. ballantyne
the dynamiter by robert louis stevenson
wild wales by george borrow
ancient poems ballads and songs of the peasantry of england
hugh wynne free quaker by s. weir mitchell
old mission stories of california by charles franklin carter
the forbidden gospels and epistles complete by archbishop wake
the post office by rabindranath tagore
our friend john burroughs by clara barrus
the pretentious young ladies by molire
pictures from italy by charles dickens
phantasmagoria by lewis carroll
rasselas by samuel johnson
life and letters of robert browning by mrs. sutherland orr
haste and waste by oliver optic
the moccasin maker by e. pauline johnson
unconscious memory by samuel butler
the coming of the friars by augustus jessopp
therese raquin by emile zola
barriers burned away by e. p. roe
curiosities of the sky by garrett serviss
poems of power by ella wheeler wilcox
the loss of the s. s. titanic by lawrence beesley
the gardener by rabindranath tagore
the revolution in tanner's lane by mark rutherford
the communist manifesto by karl marx and friedrich engels
sidonia the sorceress vol. 1 by william meinhold
sidonia the sorceress vol. 2 by milliam meinhold
life of harriet beecher stowe compiled from her letters
the wentworth letter by joseph smith
the voyages of captain scott by charles turley
the social cancer by jos rizal
don garcia of navarre by molire
the school for husbands by molire
the voyages of samuel de champlain volume 2
army life in a black regiment by thomas wentworth higginson
the people of the mist by h. rider haggard
poems by frances e. w. harper
the robbers by frederich schiller
pickle the spy by andrew lang
mosaics of grecian history by marcius willson
venus in furs by ritter von leopold sacher-masoch
grace harlowe's second year at overton college by jessie graham flower
vautrin by honore de balzac
why we are at war by woodrow wilson
on the eve by ivan turgenev
english men of letters: coleridge by h. d. traill
the history of thomas ellwood by thomas ellwood
the jesuits in north america in the seventeenth century
the radio amateur's hand book by a. frederick collins
old mortality vol. 1 by sir walter scott
old mortality complete by sir walter scott
the heart of mid-lothian vol. 1 by sir walter scott
the heart of mid-lothian complete by sir walter scott
the prince and betty by p. g. wodehouse
a narrative of the life of mrs. mary jemison by james e. seaver
military reminiscences of the civil war vol. 1 by jacob dolson cox
military reminiscences of the civil war vol. 2 by jacob dolson cox
a child's history of england by charles dickens
personal narrative of travels to the equinoctial regions of america
a collection of scotch proverbs by anonymous
rob roy volume 1 by sir walter scott
rob roy complete illustrated by sir walter scott
prose idylls by charles kingsley
discipline by charles kingsley
good news of god by charles kingsley
mankind in the making by h. g. wells
children of the bush by henry lawson
prisoner for blasphemy by george william foote
the king of the golden river by john ruskin
lucasta by richard lovelace
autobiography of ma-ka-tai-me-she-kia-kiak or black hawk
vestiges of the natural history of creation by robert chambers
indian fairy tales by joseph jacobs
the purple land by w. h. hudson
science and education by thomas h. huxley
elder conklin and other stories by frank harris
gitanjali by rabindranath tagore
the legends of saint patrick by aubrey de vere
mrkandeya purna books 7 and 8 by anonymous
the life and genius of nathaniel hawthorne
early plays by henrik ibsen
love of life by jack london
the plays of w. e. henley and robert louis stevenson
modern broods by charlotte mary yonge
charles philip yorke fourth earl of hardwicke vice-admiral r. n.
the belgian cookbook by various
species and varieties their origin by mutation by hugo devries
men women and boats by stephen crane
the fables of la fontaine by jean de la fontaine
equinoctial regions of america volume 3 by alexander von humboldt
dreams waking thoughts and incidents by william beckford
the siksha-patri of the swami-narayana sect by unknown
ezra pound: his metric and poetry by t. s. eliot
almayer's folly by joseph conrad
men of invention and industry by samuel smiles
my boyhood by john burroughs
the life of captain matthew flinders by ernest scott
good sense by baron d'holbach
afghanistan and the anglo-russian dispute by theo. f. rodenbough
travels in alaska by john muir
birds in town and village by w. h. hudson
the tryal of william penn and william mead by various
the albany depot by w. d. howells
three comedies by bjrnstjerne m. bjrnson
septimius felton by nathaniel hawthorne
chantry house by charlotte m. yonge
the early life of mark rutherford by mark rutherford
the eustace diamonds by anthony trollope
egyptian tales first series by unknown
grisly grisell by charlotte m. yonge
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 1
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 2
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 4
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 5
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 6
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 7
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 8
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 9
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 10
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 11
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 12
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes complete
john james audubon by john burroughs
an essay on criticism by alexander pope
coningsby by benjamin disraeli
egyptian tales second series by unknown
roman holidays and others by w. d. howells
familiar spanish travels by w. d. howells
confessions and criticisms by julian hawthorne
friends in council by arthur helps
english fairy tales by anonymous
the naturalist in la plata by w. h. hudson
terre napoleon by ernest scott
castilian days by john hay
dorothy dainty at glenmore by amy brooks
through five republics on horseback by g. whitfield ray
the logbooks of the lady nelson by ida lee
more jataka tales by re-told by ellen c. babbitt
the roman pronunciation of latin by frances e. lord
quotes and images from celebrated crimes by alexander dumas (pere)
autocrat of breakfast table oliver wendell holmes
select speeches of daniel webster
eugene aram complete by edward bulwer-lytton
ernest maltravers complete by edward bulwer-lytton
agnes grey by anne bront
wuthering heights by emily bront
lucretia complete by edward bulwer-lytton
paul clifford complete by edward bulwer-lytton
falkland complete by edward bulwer-lytton
poems by madison cawein
the house of the seven gables by nathaniel hawthorne
the voyage of captain popanilla by benjamin disraeli
fan by w. h. hudson
three dramas by bjornstjerne m. bjornson
toward the gulf by edgar lee masters
jack north's treasure hunt by roy rockwood
the way of an indian by frederic remington
an ambitious man by ella wheeler wilcox
crooked trails by frederic remington
passages from the english notebooks volume 1 by nathaniel hawthorne
passages from the english notebooks volume 2 by nathaniel hawthorne
the war in the air by h. g. wells
endymion by benjamin disraeli
the celibates by honore de balzac
parisians in the country by honore de balzac
journal of an african cruiser by horatio bridge
the jealousies of a country town by honore de balzac
behind the bungalow by eha
twenty-five village sermons by charles kingsley
married by august strindberg
the pilot by j. fenimore cooper
plays by anton chekhov second series
canyons of the colorado by j. w. powell
passages from the american notebooks volume 1 by nathaniel hawthorne
a sentimental journey through france and italy by laurence sterne
captain cook's journal during the first voyage
literary and social essays by george william curtis
ghosts by henrik ibsen
henry fielding: a memoir by g. m. godden
the riot act by british parliament
a street of paris and its inhabitant by honore de balzac
henrik ibsen by edmund gosse
revolutionary heroes and other historical papers by james parton
gargantua and pantagruel book 1 by francois rabelais
gargantua and pantagruel book 2 by francois rabelais
gargantua and pantagruel book 3 by francois rabelais
gargantua and pantagruel book 4 by francois rabelais
gargantua and pantagruel book 5 by francois rabelais
the ghost kings by h. rider haggard
the bride by samuel rowlands
the tragical history of doctor faustus by christopher marlowe
scientific american supplement no. 275 april 9 1881 by various
sermons on national subjects by charles kingsley
fairy tales; their origin and meaning by john thackray bunce
gulliver's travels by jonathan swift
the douay-rheims bible old and new testaments complete
shakespeare's bones by c. m. ingleby
hunger by knut hamsun
the phoenix and the carpet by e. nesbit
scientific american supplement no. 299 september 24 1881 by various
the journals of lewis and clark by meriwether lewis and william clark
home missions in action by edith h. allen
the sturdy oak by various
a traveler from altruria: romance by william dean howells
the harlequinade by dion clayton calthrop and granville barker
books fatal to their authors by p. h. ditchfield
ghost stories of an antiquary part 1 by montague rhodes james
the importance of being earnest by oscar wilde
poems of henry timrod by henry timrod
the black arrow by robert louis stevenson
chronicle of the cid by various
the king in yellow by robert w. chambers
plays: comrades; facing death; pariah; easter by august strindberg
life and voyages of christopher columbus vol. 2 by washington irving
helen by maria edgeworth
the literary remains of samuel taylor coleridge vol. 2
in those days by jehudah steinberg
things mother used to make by lydia maria gurney
trivia by logan pearsall smith
amiel's journal by henri frederic amiel
the early poems of alfred lord tennyson
the book of the thousand nights and one night vol. 1 by anonymous
the book of the thousand nights and one night vol. 2 by anonymous
the book of the thousand nights and one night vol. 3 by anonymous
the book of the thousand nights and one night vol. 4 by anonymous
cetywayo and his white neighbours by h. rider haggard
welsh fairy-tales and other stories by anonymous
the delicious vice by young e. allison
passing of the third floor back by jerome k. jerome
the philosopher's joke by jerome k. jerome
the soul of nicholas snyders by jerome k. jerome
a man of means by p. g. wodehouse and c. h. bovill
gallantry by james branch cabell
tales and novels volume 2 of 9 by maria edgeworth
chronicles of canada vol. 11 of 32 the winning of canada:
the hermits by charles kingsley
the amber witch by wilhelm meinhold
jurgen by james branch cabell
the water of the wondrous isles by william morris
the love of ulrich nebendahl by jerome k. jerome
weymouth new testament in modern speech preface
weymouth new testament in modern speech matthew by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech mark by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech luke by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech john by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech acts by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech romans by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 1 corinthians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 2 corinthians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech galatians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech ephesians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech philippians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech colossians by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 1 thessalonians
weymouth new testament in modern speech 2 thessalonians
weymouth new testament in modern speech 1 timothy by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 2 timothy by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech titus by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech philemon by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech hebrews by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech james by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 1 peter by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 2 peter by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 1 john by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 2 john by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech 3 john by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech jude by r. f. weymouth
weymouth new testament in modern speech revelation by r. f. weymouth
astral worship by j. h. hill
byron's poetical works vol. 1 by lord byron
a desperate character and other stories by ivan turgenev
the works of aphra behn vol. ii by aphra behn
sketches by boz
an ideal husband by oscar wilde
adela cathcart vol. 1 by george macdonald
nina balatka by anthony trollope
the works of lord byron letters and journals vol. 1 by lord byron
the system of nature volume 1 by paul henri thiery
the system of nature volume 2 by paul henri thiery
explorations in australia the journals of john mcdouall stuart
the gem collector by p. g. wodehouse
lord kilgobbin by charles lever
poems on serious and sacred subjects by william hayley
literary remains of samuel taylor coleridge vol. 3
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 1
the blockade runners by jules verne
may day with the muses by robert bloomfield
apu ollantay by anonymous
life of johnson vol. 2 of 6 by james boswell
robert's rules of order by henry m. robert
reflections; or sentences and moral maxims
the dare boys of 1776 by stephen angus cox
dick sands the boy captain by jules verne
the history of louisiana by le page du pratz
youth: its education regimen and hygiene by g. stanley hall
aboriginal american authors by daniel g. brinton
the slave of the lamp by henry seton merriman
english villages by p. h. ditchfield
the complete angler 1653 by isaak walton
white fang by jack london
de profundis by oscar wilde
initiation into philosophy by emile faguet
life: its true genesis by r. w. wright
cleveland past and present by maurice joblin
the spectator volume 1 by joseph addison and richard steele
the praise of folly by desiderius erasmus
the green satin gown by laura e. richards
village watch-tower by kate douglas wiggin
tales and novels volume 5 (of 10) by maria edgeworth
tales and novels volume 4 (of 10) by maria edgeworth
orchesography by john weaver
tales and novels volume 3 of 9 by maria edgeworth
the vicar's daughter by george macdonald
what sami sings with the birds by johanna spyri
a little book of profitable tales by eugene field
michael o'halloran by gene stratton-porter
understanding the scriptures by francis mcconnell
the poetical works of george macdonald in two volumes
georgian poetry 1916-17 by various
honore de balzac his life and writings by mary f. sandars
volume 1 of the works of john greenleaf whittier complete
waltonia by isaak walton
the first blast of the trumpet against the monstrous
enquiry concerning human understanding by david hume
the poems of henry kendall by henry kendall
life and adventures of martin chuzzlewit by charles dickens
night and morning book i by edward bulwer lytton
night and morning complete by edward bulwer-lytton
riley child-rhymes by james whitcomb riley
love's shadow by ada leverson
in the valley by harold frederic
josephus by norman bentwich
the rape of the lock and other poems by alexander pope
the price of things by elinor glyn
santo domingo by otto schoenrich
writer's recollections (in two volumes) volume 1 by mrs. humphry ward
writer's recollections (in two volumes) volume 2 by mrs. humphry ward
the beautiful and the damned by f. scott fitzgerald
the court of the empress josephine by imbert de saint-amand
selections from the table talk of martin luther by martin luther
the spy by james fenimore cooper
bacon is shake-speare by sir edwin durning-lawrence
a select collection of old english plays vol. 6 by robert dodsley
love at second sight by ada leverson
freeland by theodor hertzka
the united states since the civil war by charles ramsdell lingley
grace harlowe's return to overton campus by jessie graham flower
the history of pendennis vol. 2 by william makepeace thackeray
the torrents of spring by ivan turgenev
the trail book by mary austin
spalding's baseball guide and official league book for 1895 by various
the works of lord byron: letters and journals volume 2
the great events by famous historians volume 12 by various
the dramatic works of gerhart hauptmann
the dramatic works of gerhart hauptmann
de libris: prose and verse by austin dobson
wylder's hand by j. sheridan le fanu
bees in amber by john oxenham
captivating mary carstairs by henry sydnor harrison
the indian lily and other stories by hermann sudermann
'tis sixty years since by charles francis adams
harriet the moses of her people by sarah h. bradford
ballads of a bohemian by robert w. service
abraham lincoln: a history vol. 1 by john g. nicolay and john hay
toppleton's client by john kendrick bangs
the lances of lynwood by charlotte m. yonge
a candid history of the jesuits by joseph mccabe
the silent shore by john bloundelle-burton
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 22 november 28 1840 by various
two gallant sons of devon by harry collingwood
stellar evolution and its relations to geological time by james croll
the expositor's bible: ephesians by g. g. findlay
from one generation to another by henry seton merriman
simple italian cookery by antonia isola
swallow by h. rider haggard
the criminal by havelock ellis
the battle of the bays by owen seaman
the call of the wild by jack london
cambridge sketches by frank preston stearns
a new history of blue beard by gaffer black beard
wolfville days by alfred henry lewis
the history of company a second illinois cavalry
queen sheba's ring by h. rider haggard
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 986 november 19 1898 by various
the diary of samuel pepys july 1666
atlantic monthly vol. 5 no. 32 june 1860 by various
ars? lupin versus herlock sholmes by maurice leblanc
the confession of a child of the century by alfred de musset
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 61 no. 375
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 71 no. 436
checkmate by joseph sheridan le fanu
the rock of chickamauga by joseph a. altsheler
west irish folk-tales and romances by various
veiled women by marmaduke william pickthall
george whitefield by joseph belcher
two years before the mast by richard henry dana
travels in tartary thibet and china by evariste regis huc
notes and queries number 203 september 17 1853 by various
the bronze bell by louis joseph vance
the american goliah by anonymous
the lily of leyden by w.h.g. kingston
the history of don quixote vol. 2 complete
the voyage of verrazzano by henry c. murphy
soldiers of fortune by richard harding davis
a voyage round the world by w.h.g. kingston
the parisians book 7 by edward bulwer-lytton
the story of waitstill baxter by by kate douglas wiggin
the empty sleeve by henry h. meacham
the damnation of theron ware by harold frederic
norman's new orleans and environs by b. m. norman
shakespeare's family by mrs. c. c. stopes
my dark companions by henry m. stanley
mr. justice raffles by e. w. hornung
the great conspiracy part 4 by john alexander logan
the odd women by george gissing
following the equator part 3 by mark twain
jesus says so by unknown
little frankie at his plays by madeline leslie
the english governess at the siamese court by anna harriette leonowens
the douay-rheims bible book 69 1 john
mont-saint-michel and chartres by henry adams
more tales in the land of nursery rhyme by ada m. marzials
bay state monthly volume i no. 2 february 1884 by various
syndicalism in france by louis levine
the history and romance of crime chronicles of newgate vol. 2
the three midshipmen by w.h.g. kingston
a minstrel in france by harry lauder
the american missionary volume 33 no. 5 may 1879 by various
the merman and the figure-head by clara f. guernsey
the cocoanut by william s. lyon
dream days by kenneth grahame
fanny burney and her friends by fanny burney
treatise on the anatomy and physiology of
the book of bulbs by samuel arnott
prince fortunatus by william black
the colleen bawn by dion boucicault
the charm of gardens by dion clayton calthrop
blackwood's edinburgh magazine august 1845 by various
spirit of st. francis de sales by jean pierre camus
a christian directory by baxter richard
christopher columbus vols. 1 - 8 by filson young
rubaiyat of omar khayyam by omar khayyam
the heir of kilfinnan by w.h.g. kingston
the great white queen by william le queux
pincher martin o.d. by h. taprell dorling
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
germany's vanishing colonies by gordon le sueur
the american missionary--volume 39 no. 07 july 1885 by various
folk tales of breffny by b. hunt
stage-coach and mail in days of yore vol. 1 of 2 by charles g. harper
tales and novels of jean de la fontaine volume 19
spies of the kaiser by william le queux
francisco the filipino by burtis m. little
the barb and the bridle by vielle moustache
the prophet of berkeley square by robert hichens
the form of perfect living and other prose treatises by hampole
the lily's quest (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
how to make a shoe by jno. p. headley
lights of the church and the light of science by thomas henry huxley
some haunted houses of england & wales by elliott o'donnell
two boys and a fortune by matthew white jr.
punch vol. 99 dec. 27 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
lombard street: a description of the money market by walter bagehot
the philosophy of the plays of shakspere unfolded by delia bacon
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 38
the chief justice by karl emil franzos
the spanish cavalier by a. l. o. e.
mabel vol. ii (of 3) by emma newby
punch vol. 103 october 1 1892 ed. by sir francis burnand
the aeroplane boys on the wing by john luther langworthy
ballads and poems of tragic life by george meredith
an autobiography by catherine helen spence
the vikings by allen mawer
for the school colours by angela brazil
johnny ludlow fourth series by mrs. henry wood
the gourmet's guide to london by nathaniel newnham-davis
three more john silence stories by algernon blackwood
children of the dawn by elsie finnimore buckley
punchinello vol. 2 no. 34 november 19 1870 by various
grania the story of an island complete by emily lawless
three addresses to girls at school by james maurice wilson
curiosities of literature vol. 3 (of 3) by isaac disraeli
the haunts of old cockaigne by alex thompson
young's night thoughts by edward young
william de colchester by ernest harold pearce
ninety-three by victor hugo
who was paul grayson? by john habberton
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
bungay castle: a novel. v. 1-2 by elizabeth bonhote
handel by romain rolland
jack's ward by horatio alger jr.
punchinello vol. 1 no. 19 august 6 1870 by various
the complete works in philosophy politics and morals of the late
manners custom and dress during the middle ages and during
melody by laura e. richards
the boy allies with haig in flanders by clair w. hayes
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
the savage south seas by ernest way elkington
the east india vade-mecum vol.1 of 2 by thomas williamson
official report of the exploration of the queen charlotte islands
vestigia by george fleming
john greenleaf whittier's poems of nature vol. 2 complete
a district messenger boy and a necktie party by james otis
prairie farmer vol. 56: no. 12 march 22 1884 by various
from the cape to cairo by ewart s. grogan and arthur h. sharp
harper's new monthly magazine vol. v no. xxix october 1852
the trojan women by euripides
to infidelity and back by henry f. lutz
the bay state monthly volume 1 issue 1 by various
principles of political economy vol. ii by william roscher
artistic anatomy of animals by ?ouard cuyer
child life in prose by various
euphorion by vernon lee
curly locks by anonymous
the american missionary - volume 50 no. 1 january 1896 by various
punchinello vol. 1 no. 9 may 28 1870 by various
gycia by lewis morris
the marquis of lossie by george macdonald
wilfrid cumbermede by george macdonald
prize money by w.w. jacobs
a doctor of the old school part 1 by ian maclaren
german atrocities from german evidence by joseph bdier
from zone to zone by luis senarens
the military sketch-book vol. 2 of 2 by william maginn
american missionary volume 33 no. 11 november 1879 by various
the cruise of the dolphin by thomas bailey aldrich
the marrow of tradition by charles w. chesnutt
on the principles of political economy and taxation by david ricardo
they looked and loved by mrs. alex mcveigh miller
the saint's tragedy by charles kingsley
the pain and sorrow of evil marriage by wynkyn de worde
guy mannering vol. ii by sir walter scott
guy garrick by arthur b. reeve
the mysteryes of nature and art by john bate
notebook of an english opium-eater by thomas de quincey
history of the ottawa and chippewa indians of michigan
notes and queries vol. iv number 95 august 23 1851 by various
christmas eve on lonesome and other stories by john fox jr.
the little lame prince by dinah maria mulock and margaret waters
studies in literature and history by sir alfred comyn lyall
the white waterfall by james francis dwyer
a millionaire of rough-and-ready by bret harte
landseer's dogs and their stories by sarah tytler
the white company by arthur conan doyle
the last of the bushrangers by francis augustus hare
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 4 by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no. 397 november
in the fire of the forge vol. 7 by georg ebers
outa karel's stories by sanni metelerkamp
the mysterious three by william le queux
the atlantic monthly volume 14 no. 85 november 1864 by various
stray pearls by charlotte m. yonge
the adventure of the cardboard box by arthur conan doyle
marjorie's vacation by carolyn wells
barbara blomberg vol. 1 by georg ebers
a passionate pilgrim by henry james
the adventures of jerry muskrat by thornton w. burgess
the message by honore de balzac
the bible and polygamy by orson pratt j. p. newman
humours of '37 grave gay and grim by robina lizars
the american missionary -- volume 39 no. 10 october 1885 by various
an artist in egypt by walter tyndale
comic insects by f. a. s. reid
the aeroplane by claude grahame-white and harry harper
on the future of our educational institutions - homer and
sons and daughters by margaret oliphant
wayside and woodland trees by edward step
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. 4 of 9 by thomas jefferson
a brief narrative of the fourth tennessee cavalry regiment
men of iron by ernie howard pyle
autobiography of miss cornelia knight lady companion to the princess
graded poetry: seventh year by various
richard carvel volume 5 by winston churchill
rough and tumble engineering by james h. maggard
the boy scouts in front of warsaw by george durston
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
king eric and the outlaws vol. 2 by bernhard severin ingemann
the orphans of glen elder by margaret murray robertson
lessons in music form by percy goetschius
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 7 march 1835 by various
julius the street boy by horatio alger jr
the scarecrow of oz by l. frank baum
the odes of anacreon by thomas moore
curiosities of human nature by anonymous
the three cutters by captain frederick marryat
the young franc tireurs by g. a. henty
the voice by margaret deland
saltbush bill j. p. and other verses by a. b. paterson
karl krinken his christmas stocking by susan warner
affairs of state by burton e. stevenson
the adventures of johnny chuck by thornton w. burgess
a history of lumsden's battery c.s.a. by george little
the last call (vol. 1 of 3) by richard dowling
the wheel o' fortune by louis tracy
tom swift and his sky racer by victor appleton
lady of the barge by w. w. jacobs
the adventures of tom sawyer part 6 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
a caution to the directors of the east-india company by anonymous
egypt of the hebrews and herodotos by archibald henry sayce
twentieth century inventions by george sutherland
the history of painting in italy vol. v (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
the expositor's bible: the book of proverbs by r. f. horton
the cost by david graham phillips
the expedition of humphry clinker by tobias smollett
the lighthouse by robert ballantyne
beethoven: a memoir (2nd ed.) by elliott graeme
the wreck of the grosvenor volume 3 of 3 by william clark russell
rose in bloom by louisa may alcott
the diary of samuel pepys june 1667
the yellow rose by m??
naval occasions by bartimeus
a sicilian romance by ann radcliffe
caxton's book: a collection of essays poems tales and
the way of the world by william congreve
the girl from malta by fergus hume
great porter square v. 1 by benjamin leopold farjeon
the sewerage of sea coast towns by henry c. adams
the march of the white guard by gilbert parker
of human bondage by w. somerset maugham
all-hallow eve; or the test of futurity by robert curtis
vignettes in verse by matilda betham
a history of the french novel vol. 1 by george saintsbury
border raids and reivers by robert borland
life of her most gracious majesty the queen vol. 2 by sarah tytler
vegetable dyes by ethel m. mairet
the story of the east riding of yorkshire by horace baker browne
tales of the fish patrol by jack london
the atlantic monthly vol. 10 no. 62 december 1862 by various
the life of cesare borgia by rafael sabatini
women of modern france by hugo paul thieme
the legacy of cain by wilkie collins
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of rochester by g. h. palmer
writing for vaudeville by brett page
peg woffington by charles reade
a short list of scientific books june 1901 by e. spon and f. n. spon
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 11 july 1835 by various
king edward the third by william shakespeare
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
the battle of atlanta by grenville m. dodge
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
my uncle florimond by henry harland
the romance of morien by jessie l. weston
british socialism by j. ellis barker
the quadroon by mayne reid
wheat growing in australia by australia department of external affairs
the home book of verse vol. 4 by burton egbert stevenson
the greatest english classic by cleland boyd mcafee
the practical magician and ventriloquist's guide by anonymous
heroines of french society by catherine mary bearne
american missionary volume 35 no. 9 september 1881 by various
pierre grassou by honore de balzac
the slavery question by john lawrence
the three cities trilogy: rome vol. 3 by emile zola
heroes of the goodwin sands by thomas stanley treanor
study of association in insanity by grace helen kent and a. j. rosanoff
the supernatural in the new testament by charles adolphus row
a reading book in irish history by p. w. joyce
the epic of hades by lewis morris
mexican copper tools: the use of copper by the mexicans before
lausanne by francis henry gribble
the history of rome; vol. 2 books 9 to 26 by titus livius
the house on the borderland by william hope hodgson
the sheep and lamb by thomas miller
aunt charlotte's stories of greek history by charlotte mary yonge
an american girl in london by sara jeannette duncan
the continental monthly vol 2 no 6 december 1862 by various
the art of taking a wife by paolo mantegazza
ontology or the theory of being by peter coffey
the life of st. teresa of jesus by teresa of avila
system of practical medicine by american authors vol. 3 by various
thrilling stories of the ocean by marmaduke park
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
browning and dogma by ethel m. naish
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 26
memoir of fleeming jenkin by robert louis stevenson
the moorland cottage by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
anna karenina by leo tolstoy
the insect by jules michelet
men of our times by harriet beecher stowe
beasts and super-beasts by saki
memoirs of general lafayette by lafayette
vig?le brun by haldane macfall
michel and angele: a ladder of swords vol. 3 by gilbert parker
beacon lights of history volume iv by john lord
god and the state by mikhail aleksandrovich bakunin
love and intrigue by frederich schiller
the humors of falconbridge by jonathan f. kelley
midnight jack or the road-agent by james jackson
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 372
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 2
the old man of the mountain the lovecharm & pietro of abano
henry vi part 1 by william shakespeare
the best letters of charles lamb ed: edward gilpin johnson
atrocious judges by john campbell baron campbell
punchinello vol. 2 no. 28 october 8 1870 by various
scientific american supplement no. 286 june 25 1881 by various
a legacy of fun by abraham lincoln
the bobbsey twins at school by laura lee hope
the caxtons part 6 by edward bulwer-lytton
speeches of charles dickens
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 12 august 1835 by various
birds and all nature vol. 6 no. 2 september 1899 by various
life and character of richard carlile by george jacob holyoake
history of the united netherlands 1586 part 4 by john lothrop motley
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 3
cooley's cyclopaedia of practical receipts sixth ed. volume ii
marguerite de roberval by t. g. marquis
spanish arms and armour by albert f. calvert
the battle of franklin tennessee by john k. shellenberger
just so stories by rudyard kipling
early letters of george wm. curtis
birds and all nature vol. iv no. 2 august 1898 by various
tales from gorky by maxim gorky
samuel brohl & company by victor cherbuliez
?op's fables by ?op
one hundred merrie and delightsome stories by various
history of the royal regiment of artillery vol. 2 by francis duncan
belford's magazine volume ii no. 8 january 1889 by various
a wreath of indian stories by a. l. o. e
a campfire girl's happiness by jane l. stewart
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 45 may 8 1841 by various
the last of the barons book 3 by edward bulwer-lytton
human follies by jules noriac
grace o'malley by robert machray
the lost explorers by alexander macdonald
lays and legends of the english lake country by john pagen white
the law of the bolo by stanley portal hyatt
darnley by george payne rainsford james
alice lorraine by richard doddridge blackmore
in savage africa by verney lovett cameron
the greek philosophers vol. 1 of 2 by alfred william benn
the woodman by george payne rainsford james
spring in a shropshire abbey
the every day book of history and chronology by joel munsell
a handbook of fish cookery by lucy h. yates
american missionary vol. 32 no. 11 november 1878 by various
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 8 of 8
dryden's works vol. 13 of 18: translations; pastorals by john dryden
intimate china by mrs. archibald little
not posted
home scenes and heart studies by grace aguilar
bill nye's chestnuts old and new by bill nye
earthwork slips and subsidences upon public works by john newman
a sermon delivered before his excellency levi lincoln governor
the legend of sir lancelot du lac by jessie l. weston
the life of an insect by anonymous
the subtropical garden by w. robinson
ask momma by r. s. surtees
the book of old-fashioned flowers by harry roberts
the botanical magazine vol. 13 by william curtis and john sims
in the strange south seas by beatrice grimshaw
the every-day book and table book vol. 1 of 3 by william hone
the adventures of harry rochester by herbert strang
inorganic plant poisons and stimulants by winifred e. brenchley
american missionary volume 41 no. 11 november 1887 by various
the belgian front by captain willy breton
outlines of mormon philosophy by lycurgus a. wilson
mr. punch's book of arms by edward tennyson reed
james frederick ferrier by elizabeth sanderson haldane
wild life at the land's end by john tregarthen
extracts relating to mediaeval markets and fairs in england
domestic folk-lore by t. f. thiselton-dyer
a summer in the wilderness by charles lanman
early london by walter besant
the english rogue: described in the life of meriton latroon
four hundred humorous illustrations by various
sewage disposal works by w. c. easdale
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 1 of 8
boris the bear-hunter by fred whishaw
janet or the christmas stockings by louise lise gibbons
the liberty bell by william ross wallace
journal of a cavalry officer by william wellington waterloo humbley
the oyster by eustace clare grenville murray
dirty dustbins and sloppy streets by h. percy boulnois
merkland by mrs. oliphant
history of duelling vol. 1 of 2 by john gideon millingen
the girls of silver spur ranch by grace macgowan cooke and anne mcqueen
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 july 13 1895 by various
german atrocities by william le queux
the canadian druggist vol. 1 no. 2 august 1889 by william j. dyas
vocabulum by george w. matsell
food for the mind by john-the-giant-killer
goody two shoes by anonymous
a book about words by george frederick graham
the art of war in the middle ages a.d. 378-1515 by c. w. c. oman
monk by julian corbett
grania the story of an island vol. 2 of 2 by emily lawless
the american missionary vol. 41 no. 3 march 1887 by various
a decade of italian women volume 1 by t. adolphus trollope
the blessed damozel by dante gabriel rossetti
civilization of the indian natives by halliday jackson
american missionary vol. 32 no. 2 february 1878 by various
thirty years' view vol. ii of 2 by thomas hart benton
the good girl by anonymous
women's work by agnes amy bulley and margaret whitley
the apaches of new york by alfred henry lewis
manual of style governing composition and proof reading
old glass and how to collect it by j. sydney lewis
across texas by edward sylvester ellis
half-a-dozen housekeepers by kate douglas wiggin
the story of my mind by m. m. mangasarian
scientific american vol. 56 no. 9 february 26 1887 by various
report of a special committee of the city council on the improvement
the witch-maid and other verses by dorothea mackellar
abner daniel by will n. harben
hogarth's works: vol. 3 of 3 by john ireland and john nichols
rooman keisareita marmorihahmossa by viktor rydberg
ski-runs in the high alps by franois frdric roget
a colored man's reminiscences of james madison by paul jennings
the marquis d'argenson: a study in criticism by arthur ogle
coyotes in their economic relations by david e. lantz
the white slaves of england by john c. cobden
the american missionary vol. 35 no. 1 january 1881 by various
naturalistic photography by p. h. emerson
mr. punch with rod and gun by various
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 5 by various
transylvanian superstitions by emily gerard
life of abraham lincoln by frank crosby
rank and talent; a novel vol. ii of 3 by william pitt scargill
the life and letters of george john romanes
jerusalem explored volume ii--plates by ermete pierotti
jacquard weaving and designing by t. f. bell
the story of the teasing monkey by helen bannerman
mr. punch on the continong by various
birds and nature vol. 11 no. 4 april 1902 by various
the secrets of the harem by anonymous
squib and his friends by evelyn everett-green
a short view of the immorality and profaneness of the
the land beyond the forest by emily gerard
munster village by mary hamilton
kophetua the thirteenth by julian corbett
the desultory man by george payne rainsford james
historic oddities by sabine baring-gould
rock blasting by geo. g. andr
the isle of man by joseph e. morris
footsteps of dr. johnson by george birkbeck hill
the story of prague by count francis ltzow
beadle's dime song book no. 1 by various
mysteries of police and crime by arthur griffiths
a history of caricature and grotesque by thomas wright
the seafarers by john bloundelle-burton
the vegetarian cook book by e. g. fulton
the annals of the barber-surgeons of london by various
his little world by samuel merwin
home again with me by james whitcomb riley
the penitent boy by daniel parish kidder
the true travels adventures and observations of captain john smith
cicero: letters to atticus vol. 3 of 3 by marcus tullius cicero
famous men and great events of the nineteenth century by charles morris
the fable of the bees by bernard mandeville
social comptabilism cheque and clearing service & proposed
the art of the bone-setter by george matthews bennett
the lectures on faith by various
bill nye and boomerang by bill nye
afloat by guy de maupassant
the sharper detected and exposed by jean-eugne robert-houdin
wide world magazine by various
the adventures of old man coyote by thornton w. burgess
a journal from japan by marie carmichael stopes
new readings of old authors by robert seymour
love and the ironmonger by frederick john randall
narrative of a journey down the ohio and mississippi
wintering in the riviera by william miller
india and tibet by francis younghusband
the young salesman by horatio alger jr.
the toilet of flora by pierre-joseph buc'hoz
letters on natural magic addressed to sir walter scott bart.
amads of gaul vol. 2 of 4 by vasco lobeira
the romance of war volume 1 of 3 by james grant
the lay anthony by joseph hergesheimer
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 990 december 17 1898 by various
the fall of man by richard grant white
the latin hymn-writers and their hymns by samuel willoughby duffield
what jesus taught by osborne j. p. widtsoe
vivian's lesson by elizabeth w. grierson
bygone london by frederick ross
studies in the theory of descent vols. 1 and 2 by august weismann
birds useful and birds harmful by ott herman and j. a. owen
the bird watcher in the shetlands by edmund selous
lux mundi by various
new amazonia by elizabeth burgoyne corbett
hesperothen; notes from the west vol. ii of 2 by w. h. russell
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 6 march 1884
american missionary volume 35 no. 11 november 1881 by various
indian myth and legend by donald alexander mackenzie
recollections of a pioneer by j. watt gibson
washington the model of character for american youth by j. n. mcjilton
fern leaves from fanny's port-folio. by fanny fern
the green hand by george cupples
mungo park and the niger by joseph thomson
american patrician or the story of aaron burr by alfred henry lewis
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 5 may 1878 by various
the modern athens by robert mudie
climate and health in hot countries and the outlines
tuen slave and empress by kathleen gray nelson
the secret service. by albert d. richardson
slaves of freedom by coningsby dawson
the travels of fuzz and buzz by geraldine mockler
indian birds by douglas dewar
traced and tracked by james mcgovan
woman in prison by caroline h. woods
the chronicles of enguerrand de monstrelet vol. 4 of 13
mask and faces or before and behind the curtain by tom taylor
robber and hero by george huntington
the story of paul jones by alfred henry lewis
in various moods by irving bacheller
short account of the extraordinary life and travels of h. l. l.
journal of the american-irish historical society vol. 1 by various
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 4 by various
philosophy in sport made science in earnest by john ayrton paris
the romance of war (sequel to volumes 1-3) by james grant
york by george benson
an outline of english speech-craft by william barnes
prize money by philip quincy wright
how a farthing made a fortune by c. e. bowen
the mentor vol. 1 no. 47 january 5 1914: makers of modern opera
the american missionary volume 34 no. 6 june 1880 by various
henry smeaton; a jacobite story of the reign of george the first
the american missionary vol. 33 no. 4 april 1879 by various
farmers' bulletin no. 447 bees by e. f. phillips
more tales of the birds by w. warde fowler
mammals collected by dr. w. l. abbott on the natuna islands
on the ethics of naturalism by william ritchie sorley
history manners and customs of the indian nations
glimpses of ocean life by john harper
birds and all nature vol. 5 no. 4 april 1899 by various
the gates of dawn by fergus hume
florida: past and present by samuel curtis upham
the brochure series of architectural illustration
the death ship vol. 1 by w. clark russell
the foundation of the ottoman empire; a history of theosmanlis up
suburban residences by jane ellen panton
the sayings of confucius by confucius
reminiscences of the guilford grays co. b 27th n.c.
personal sketches of his own times vol. 2 of 3 by jonah barrington
catalogue of s. w. partridge & co.'s popular illustrated books
the brochure series of architectural illustration
the good hope by herman heijermans jr.
the year after the armada by martin a. s. hume
out with garibaldi by g. a. henty
folk lore notes vol. 1 gujarat by a. m. t. jackson
the russian grandmother's wonder tales by louise seymour houghton
birds and beasts by camille lemonnier
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1002 march 11 1899 by various
cradock nowell vol. 1 of 3 by richard doddridge blackmore
the gospel of st. john by joseph macrory
wau-bun by juliette augusta magill kinzie
remarks on the production of the precious metals by leon faucher
the golden south by kathleenlambert
a reaping by e. f. benson
a history of english versification by jakob schipper
motor matt's daring or true to his friends by stanley r. matthews
on the natural faculties by galen
how to make candy by various
philochristus by edwin abbott abbott
a manual of italian literature by francis henry cliffe
studies in the theory of descent vol. 2 of 2 by august weismann
the irish penny journal no. 3 vol. i july 18 1840 by various
systematic theology (volume 1 of 3) by augustus hopkins strong
the history of the fifty-ninth regiment illinois volunteers
an account of the late improvements in galvanism by john aldini
the stickit minister's wooing by s. r. crockett
chin-chin by tcheng-ki-tong
recollections of a busy life by william b. forwood
essay on the effects of opium considered as a poison by john awsiter
the dwelling house by george vivian poore
historical record of the first regiment of foot by richard cannon
femina a work for every woman by john alexander miller
the catacombs of rome by william henry withrow
the regulating silver coin made practicable and easie
the pan-angles by sinclair kennedy
motor matt's close call by stanley r. matthews
nightmare tales by h. p. blavatsky
early renaissance architecture in england by j. alfred gotch
life of st. rita of cascia o. s. a. by richard connolly
early history of blackwood's edinburgh magazine by alice mary doane
post-mediaeval preachers by sabine baring-gould
clergymen and doctors by anonymous
lamia's winter-quarters by alfred austin
gowrie by george payne rainsford james
the history of the pyrates vol. 2 by daniel defoe
what norman saw in the west by anonymous
a study of siouan cults by james owen dorsey
the peak district by murray gilchrist
the sorceress vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the marriage of heaven and hell by william blake
leaves from the diary of an impressionist by lafcadio hearn
brazil and the river plate in 1868 by william hadfield
the last link by ernst haeckel
pedestrianism; or an account of the performances
a collection of emblemes ancient and moderne by george wither
highways and byways in the border by andrew lang and john lang
the mentor: joan of arc vol. 3 no. 22 serial
gibraltar and its sieges by frederick george stephens
tales of all countries by anthony trollope
the ocean world: by louis figuier and charles o. groom-napier
a short history of the royal navy 1217 to 1688 by david hannay
paris and its story by t. okey
manx fairy tales by sophia morrison
a guide-book of florida and the south for tourists
colin clink volume ii of iii by charles hooton
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 29 1895 by various
the duke in the suburbs by edgar wallace
garden pests in new zealand by d. miller
nights with the gods by emil reich
the heart of scotland by a. r. hope moncrieff
the rhinegold & the valkyrie by richard wagner
alice wilde: the raftman's daughter by metta v. victor
crimes of preachers by m. e. billings
father henson's story of his own life by josiah henson
the sunny south ologist. vol. 1 by edwin c. davis
the redemption of kenneth galt by will n. harben
the book of coniston by william gershom collingwood
aurora floyd vol. 1 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 3 march 1849 by various
journal of prison discipline and philanthropy january 1863
university of illinois agricultural experiment station bulletin no. 94:
folk-lore and legends: english by charles john tibbits
history of the scottish regiments in the british army
a report upon the mollusk fisheries of massachusetts
hildebrand by anonymous
trials of a country parson by augustus jessopp
through the telescope by james baikie
botany for ladies by jane loudon
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 6 june 1847 by various
our women in the war by francis warrington dawson
the loss of the australia by adam yule
anatole france by georg morris cohen brandes
to and through nebraska by frances i. sims fulton
india impressions by walter crane
cordova; a city of the moors albert f. calvert and walter m. gallichan
at the gate of samaria by william j. locke
supplement to commerce reports daily consular and trade reports
the red river half-breed by gustave aimard
springfield in the spanish american war by walter w. ward
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 989 december 10 1898 by various
the wreck of the grosvenor volume 2 of 3 by william clark russell
american bee journal volume 33 no. 2 january 11 1894 by various
journal of entomology and zoology september 1917 by various
anno domini 2071 by pieter harting
the overland guide-book by james barber
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
meditations of the emperor marcus aurelius antoninus
the journal of prison discipline and philanthropy (new
the jessamy bride by frank frankfort moore
songs of the glens of antrim by moira o'neill
how the poor live and horrible london by george r. sims
african nature notes and reminiscences by frederick courteney selous
chambers's edinburgh journal no. 309 by various
kissing the rod vol. 2 of 3 by edmund yates
the last of the de mullins by st. john hankin
the boy from green ginger land by emilie vaughan-smith
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights entertainments
motor matt's triumph or three speeds forward by stanley r. matthews
the strand magazine vol. vii issue 39 march 1894 by various
hours with the ghosts or nineteenth century witchcraft
a treatise on chancel screens and rood lofts by a. welby pugin
essays on darwinism by thomas r. r. stebbing
curious epitaphs by william andrews
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side by various
a handbook of illustration by a. horsley hinton
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the history of miss betsy thoughtless by eliza haywood
birds and all nature vol. 7 no. 3 march 1900 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 148 february 17th 1915
historical and descriptive narrative of twenty years' residence
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 15 october 10 1840 by various
the trial of an ox for killing a man; by anonymous
travels in the interior of brazil by john mawe
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 19 by various
the modern malady by cyril bennett
tobacco: growing curing & manufacturing by c. g. warnford lock
byways in british archaeology by walter johnson
locke by thomas fowler
a history of the ninth regiment illinois volunteer infantry
chaste as ice pure as snow by charlotte despard
the children's tabernacle by a. l. o. e
women's wages by william smart
seeking fortune in america by frederick william grey
kensington palace the birthplace of the queen by ernest law
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 5 november 1850 by various
elizabethan and jacobean pamphlets by various
the german fleet by archibald hurd
old memories: amusing and historical by mrs. daniel macpherson
holinshed's chronicles of england scotland and ireland
cassell's history of england vol iv (of 8) by anonymous
memoirs of the late war vol. 1 of 2 by john cooke
indian sketches taken during an expedition to the pawnee
forty thousand miles over land and water by lady ethel
the southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 9 may 1835 by various
life and destiny by felix adler
the poems of john donne vol. 2 of 2 by john donne
ignaz jan paderewski by edward algernon baughan
the search after happiness by charlotte bronte
american scenery vol. 1 of 2 by nathaniel parker willis
social england under the regency vol. 2 of 2 by john ashton
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 66 no 409 november 1849
pharisaism its aim and its method by r. travers herford
historical record of the first or the royal regiment of dragoons:
wagner at home by judith gautier
mr. midshipman glover r. n. by t. t. jeans
the travels and extraordinary adventures of bob the squirrel
my memoirs vol. 2 of 6 by alexandre dumas
physiology and histology of the cubomedus by edward william berger
birds vol. 3 no 6 june 1898 by various
the captain of the wight by frank cowper
the diatomaceae of philadelphia and vicinity by charles sumner boyer
henry the fifth by a. j. church
scientific romances by c. h. hinton
a memorial of mrs. margaret breckinridge by archibald alexander
private papers of william wilberforce by william wilberforce
the sword and gun by r. c. eden
buffon's natural history volume iv of 10 by georges louis leclerc
life and letters of thomas cromwell vol. 1 of 2
the expositor's bible: the second book of samuel by w. g. blaikie
with a camera in majorca by margaret d'este
london souvenirs by charles william heckethorn
earthworms and their allies by frank e. beddard
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 2 february 1850 by various
discourses in america by matthew arnold
the buke of the order of knyghthood by ramon llull
the history of bread from pre-historic to modern times by john ashton
celtic folklore: welsh and manx volume 1 of 2 by john rhys
progress of western education in china and siam by various
memoirs of joseph grimaldi by joseph grimaldi
proverbial philosophy by martin f. tupper
american missionary volume 34 no. 9 september 1880 by various
pine tree ballads by holman f. day
the white dove by william j. locke
the queen's daughters in india by elizabeth w. andrew
a duel in the dark by j. stirling coyne
an ocean tragedy by william clark russell
the auxilia of the roman imperial army by george leonard cheesman
richelieu v. 1/3 by g. p. r. james
seth jones by edward s. ellis
the american missionary volume 35 no. 7 july 1881 by various
sketches of missionary life by edwin f. parry
florist and horticultural journal vol. 2 no. 7 july 1853 by various
the duchess of rosemary lane by b. l. farjeon
the war and the gospel by henry wace
bill nye's sparks by edgar wilson nye
human intercourse by philip gilbert hamerton
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 69 no. 427 may 1851 by various
flora adair vol. 1 (of 2) by a. m. donelan
the strength of the 'mormon' position by orson f. whitney
our intellectual strength and weakness by john george bourinot
introduction to the study of the history of language
the little angel and other stories by leonid andreyev
the dying indian's dream by silas tertius rand
poems of progress by lizzie doten
agnes strickland's queens of england vol. i of iii
four introductory lectures on political economy by nassau w. senior
battery d first rhode island light artillery in the civil war
connaught by stephen lucius gwynn
birds and all nature vol. 6 no. 5 december 1899 by various
abstracts of papers read at the first international eugenics congress
antar by anonymous
motor transports in war by horace wyatt
playing santa claus and other christmas tales by sarah parsons doughty
the lawton girl by harold frederic
old-world japan by frank rinder
the wide world magazine vol. 22 no. 131 february 1909 by various
main currents in nineteenth century literature vol. 3 of 6
the son of don juan by jos chegaray
munster by stephen lucius gwynn
pleiades club by jeff w. hayes
rounding cape horn and other sea stories by walter mcroberts
vanished halls and cathedrals of france by george warton edwards
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 4 october 1837 by various
in wildest africa volume 2 of 2 by carl georg schilling
new edition of hints on silver-glass reflecting telescopes
folk lore notes vol. 2 konkan by r. e. enthoven and a. m. t. jackson
fences gates and bridges by anonymous
once upon a time in delaware by katherine pyle
eminent authors of the nineteenth century by georg brandes
the brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 6
automata old and new by conrad william cooke
seven centuries of lace by mrs. john hungerford pollen
birds and all nature vol. 4 no. 6 december 1898 by various
purcell ode and other poems by robert bridges
husks by marion harland
cassell's history of england vol. 5 by unknown
a queen of tears vol. 2 of 2 by william henry wilkins
catalogue of special technical works for manufacturers students
the gamekeeper at home by richard jefferies
for the sake of the soldier by rita macleod
the rosetta stone by e. a. wallis budge
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the philosophy of history vol. 2 of 2 by friedrich von schlegel
the mormons by thomas l. kane
perlycross by r. d. blackmore
the alumni journal of the college of pharmacy of the city
maryland line in the confederate states army by w. w. goldsborough
the action of medicines in the system by frederick william headland
girls and athletics by spalding
through the casentino with hints for the traveller by lina eckenstein
experiments and observations relative to the influence
leila at home by ann fraser tytler
agnes strickland's queens of england vol. iii of iii
the other world by frank frankfort moore
the house on the moor volume 3 of 3 by mrs. oliphant
ladies' manual of art by anonymous
a british rifle man by george simmons
a household book of english poetry by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 66 no. 408
the romance of modern sieges by edward gilliat
the red house mystery by margaret hamilton hungerford
hymns of the early church by john brownlie
hassan: or the child of the pyramid by charles augustus murray
the cathedrals of great britain by p. h. ditchfield
tonto national monument: arizona by anonymous
telescopic work for starlight evenings by william f. denning
six major prophets by edwin emery slosson
the dyer's guide by thomas packer
the rainbow bridge by frances margaret fox and frank t. merrill
the robber a tale by george payne rainsford james
the story of venus and tannhuser by aubrey beardsley
shot with crimson by george barr mccutcheon
the ladies lindores vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
false evidence by e. phillips oppenheim
the daisy or cautionary stories in verse by elizabeth turner
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1006 april 8 1899 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
motor matt's queer find by stanley r. matthews
holbein by samuel levy bensusan
drawings of rossetti by t. martin wood
gentlemen of the jury by george m. baker
how the nations waged war by john mcfarland kennedy
the secret of the totem by andrew lang
the life and times of george villiers duke of buckingham
sydney to croydon (northern queensland) by saltbush
chambers's edinburgh journal no.307 by various
freaks of fanaticism by sabine baring-gould
the cat by philip m. rule
walks near edinburgh by margaret warrender
the fifteen watt tungsten lamp by clair elmore anderson
the history of salt by evan martlett boddy
the unexploited west by ernest j. chambers
the camp-life of the third regiment by robert t. kerlin
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 1 july 1837 by various
jaundice: its pathology and treatment by george harley
the mandarin's fan by fergus hume
the cornplanter memorial by james ross snowden
the land of the boxers by gordon casserly
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 36 march 6 1841 by various
the bride of the sun by gaston leroux
arundel by edward frederic benson
the last of the mortimers by margaret oliphant
history of greece vol. 10 of 12 by george grote
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 67
punch's almanack for 1890 by various
a proclamation declaring his majesties pleasure concerning
the american missionary volume 33 no. 6 june 1879 by various
the american missionary volume 41 no. 10 october 1887 by various
thirteen years of a busy woman's life by mrs. alec tweedie
young oliver: or the thoughtless boy by anonymous
the history of signboards by jacob larwood and john camden hotten
the lady of pleasure by james shirley
punch or the london charivari vol. 148 february 10 1915 by various
the birth of tragedy by friedrich nietzsche
one of the six hundred by james grant
plutarch's lives volume iv by aubrey stewart and george long
famous men of ancient times by s. g. goodrich
a treatise on tobacco tea coffee and chocolate by simon pauli
lectures on painting by edward armitage
tippoo sultaun by meadows taylor
the intrusions of peggy by anthony hope
the introduction to hegel's philosophy of fine arts by georg hegel
woodcock's little game by john maddison morton
elements of criticism volume 1 by henry home
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 august 31 1895 by various
tales of my time vol. ii of 3 by william pitt scargill
narrative of travels in europe asia and africa in the
the land's end by w. h. hudson
pals by joseph bowes
ancient scottish lake-dwellings or crannogs by robert munroe
excursions in the mountains of ronda and granada with
the orlando innamorato by matteo maria boiardo and francesco berni
edina by mrs. henry wood
the true history of tom and jerry by charles hindley
the man of genius by cesare lombroso
back o' the moon by oliver onions
milch cows and dairy farming by charles louis flint
first principles by herbert spencer
fern vale vol. 2 of 3 by colin munro
frank reade jr.'s search for the silver whale by luis senarens
following the flag by charles carleton coffin
the story of brussels by ernest gilliat-smith
ports of entry by home missions council and
a dream of the north sea by james runciman
ideals in art by walter crane
the mysteries of london vol. 3 of 4 by george w. m. reynolds
notes on the floridian peninsula; its literary history
the life of sophia jex-blake by margaret georgina todd
balloons airships and flying machines by gertrude bacon
the draughtsman's handbook of plan and map drawing by george g. andr
gypsy sorcery and fortune telling by charles godfrey leland
mrs. albert grundy observations in philistia by harold frederic
attila by george payne rainsford james
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 38 march 20 1841 by various
with ski & sledge over arctic glaciers by sir william martin conway
with sack and stock in alaska by george broke
ballades and rondeaus chants royal sestinas villanelles
chambers's journal of popular literature science
a hand-book to the primates volume 2 of 2 by henry o. forbes
the traitor by thomas dixon jr.
ocean's story; or triumphs of thirty centuries by edward rowland
the clergy and the pulpit in their relations to the people
a sub. of the r. n. r. by percy f. westerman
the philosophy of giambattista vico by benedetto croce
the strand magazine - vol. 1 - no. 6 - june 1891 by various
breton folk by henry blackburn
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
a princess of thule by william black
jersey city and its historic sites by harriet phillips eaton
chambers's journal of popular literature science
belle powers' locket by joanna mathews
life of napoleon bonaparte vol. 4 by sir walter scott
history and romance of crime; non-criminal prisons by arthur griffiths
the cruel murder of mina miller by unknown
lighthouses and lightships by w. h. davenport adams
ancient and modern furniture and woodwork by john hungerford pollen
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (2 of 6):
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 4 october 1850 by various
juvenile sports or youth's pastimes by anonymous
colin campbell by archibald forbes
the abandoned country by luis senarens
road scrapings: coaches and coaching by m. e. haworth
adventures of an angler in canada nova scotia
the baitl pachchisi by john platts and duncan forbes
instructions for officers and non-commissioned officers of
birds and nature vol. 10 no. 3 october 1901 by various
mary lamb by anne burrows gilchrist
the border spy by lieut. col. hazeltine
the mystical element of religion as studied in saint catherine of
motor matt's daring rescue by stanley r. matthews
the new-year's bargain by susan coolidge
lays of ancient babyland by anonymous
medival london by walter besant
auguste rodin by camille mauclair
pen pictures by b. f. craig
arrah neil by george payne rainfield james
letters from a landscape painter by charles lanman
elements of criticism volume 3 by henry home
lucian the dreamer by j. s. fletcher
india under british rule by james talboys wheeler
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 66 no. 407
the gtakaml by rya sra
eve by sabine baring-gould
the passing of the turkish empire in europe by b. granville baker
cholera gazette vol. 1 no. 5 wednesday august 8th 1832 by various
the public school word-book by john s. farmer
through bosnia and herzegovina with a paint brush
beadle's dime song book no. 3 by various
bud by neil munro
vikram and the vampire by richard f. burton f.r.g.s
thirteen stories by r. b. cunninghame graham
traits of american humour vol. 3 of 3 by various
the outcasts and other stories by maxim gorky
aunt jo's scrap-bag volume 3 by louisa may alcott
usda farmers' bulletin no. 797 sweet clover
magic and religion by andrew lang
war and the arme blanche by erskine childers
fanny lambert by henry de vere stacpoole
everyday objects by w. h. davenport adams
sixpenny pieces by a. neil lyons
chambers's journal of popular literature science
southern literary messenger vol. i. no. 5 january 1835 by various
adventures of an aide-de-camp volume 3 of 3 by james grant
the popular story of blue beard by anonymous
arminell vol. 2 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
chats on costume by g. woolliscroft rhead
viscount dundee by louis a. barb
motor matt in brazil by stanley r. matthews
a history of the peninsular war vol. 3 by charles oman
the mimic stage by george m baker
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
the influence of sea power upon the french revolution and
jim mortimer by warren bell
waterways and water transport in different countries
legends of saints & sinners by douglas hyde
the amores or amours by ovid
motor matt's hard luck by stanley r. matthews
travels on the amazon by alfred russel wallace
birds illustrated by color photography vol 3 no 4 by various
the life of john taylor by b. h. roberts
august strindberg the spirit of revolt by lizzy lind-af-hageby
the wise and ingenious companion in french and english by abel boyer
comic arithmetic by anonymous
julia and the pet-lamb by anonymous
miss heck's thanksgiving party by ida hamilton munsell
the american missionary volume 34 no. 10 october 1880 by various
doctor mead's short discourse explain'd by anonymous
the pennycomequicks vol. 3 of 3 by s. baring-gould
how to make electrical machines by r. a. r. bennett
pygmies and papuans by a. f. r. wollaston
through arctic lapland by cutcliffe hyne
geology of devils tower national monument wyoming
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 979 october 1 1898 by various
the book of town & window gardening by mrs f. a. bardswell
faust by j. barbier m. carr and charles gounod
the gallery of portraits with memoirs. vol 2 of 7 by anonymous
the inferno by august strindberg
the autobiography of phineas pett
historical parallels vol. 2 of 3 by arthur thomas malkin
attila by george payne rainsford james
lydia knight's history by susa gates
the american printer: a manual of typography by thomas mackellar
the greek philosophers vol. 2 of 2 by alfred william benn
the unpopular review vol. 2 no. 4 october-december 1914
history of lace by bury palliser
the hospital bulletin vol. 5 no. 2 april 15 1909 by various
a little book of bores by oliver herford
studies on homer and the homeric age vol. 2 of 3 by w. e. gladstone
history of the transformer by f. uppenborn
the history and romance of crime; russian prisons by arthur griffiths
the vicissitudes of evangeline by elinor glyn
plays of old japan by marie c. stopes
an elementary text-book of the microscope by john william griffith
acrobats and mountebanks by hugues le roux and jules garnier
a slav soul and other stories by alexander kuprin
the game-birds of the coasts and lakes of the northern
not guilty by robert blatchford
northern georgia sketches by will n. harben
the relations between the laws of babylonia and the laws
melmoth the wanderer vol. 4 of 4 by charles robert maturin
st. paul's epistles to the colossians and philemon by j. b. lightfoot
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 november 3 1894 by various
baily's magazine of sports and pastimes volume 85 by various
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science
snakes by catherine cooper hopley
the fortunes of the colville family by frank e. smedley
nervous breakdowns and how to avoid them by charles david musgrove
babylon vol. 2 of 3 by grant allen
whiteladies by margaret oliphant
military history lectures delivered at trinity college
the history of modern painting volume 3 (of 4) by richard muther
the trappers of arkansas by gustave aimard
ruby by molly e. jamieson
historical record of the 46th or south devonshire
letters to children by e. c. bridgman
twice killed by john oxenford
the spanish brothers by deborah alcock
the haunted pagodas: the quest of the golden pearl by j. e. hutchinson
the heir to grand pr by john frederic herbin
autobiography of miss cornelia knight lady companion
monica's choice by flora e. berry
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 10 july 1885
life of isaac mason as a slave by isaac mason
bobbie bubbles by e. hugh sherwood and maud gridley budlong
directions for cooking by troops in camp and hospital
conneticut wide awake songster by various
the sportswoman's library vol. 2 by various
the life and adventures of guzman d'alfarache or thespanish
sterminator vesevo (vesuvius the great exterminator) by matilde serao
scraps of biography by various
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. 6 of 9 by thomas jefferson
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 26 december 26 1840 by various
scotland in pagan times by joseph anderson
clergymen of the church of england by anthony trollope
stories about general warren in relation to the fifth of march
rossetti by lucien pissarro
motor matt makes good by stanley r. matthews
catalogue of practical and scientific books by henry carey baird & co
a decade of italian women volume 2 by t. adolphus trollope
the sacred tree by j. h. philpot
phrases and names their origins and meanings by trench h. johnson
the trossachs by geraldine edith mitton
life and adventures of frances namon sorcho by the captain
the desert world by arthur mangin
the diary of a turk by halil halid
the sculapian labyrinth explored by gregory glyster
the history of the assassins by chevalier joseph von hammer
the expositor's bible: the book of the twelve prophets
the new abelard volume 1 of 3 by robert buchanan
the juvenile bible by anonymous
the gladiators by g. j. whyte-melville
in spite of all by edna lyall
norman macleod by john wellwood
'possum by mary grant bruce
the flowers and gardens of japan by florence du cane
first steps to bell ringing by samuel b. goslin
wonders of the yellowstone by james richardson
a visit to the philippine islands by john bowring
the leopard's spots by thomas dixon jr.
through the heart of patagonia by h. hesketh prichard
life of david w. patten by lycurgus a. wilson
modern painters volume v (of 5) by john ruskin
life of sir william wallace of elderslie vol. 1 of 2
beadle's dime national speaker embodying gems
the mormon doctrine of deity by b. h. roberts
among the birds in northern shires by charles dixon
charlie codman's cruise by horatio alger
the spider and the fly by charles garvice
black hawk war including a review of black hawk's life
the expositor's bible by george adam smith
children of wild australia by herbert pitts
metapsychical phenomena by j. maxwell
the river of life and other stories by alexander kuprin
stone art by gerard fowke
the geography of strabo volume iii of 3 by strabo
life of frederick marryat by david hannay
go-ahead by harry castlemon
a man from the north by arnold bennett
sons of the morning by eden phillpotts
a dreamer's tales by lord dunsany
knights in armour by edward s. woods
private spud tamson by r. w. campbell
the analysis of beauty by william hogarth
motor tours in the west country by mrs. rodolph stawell
the pennsylvania journal of prison discipline
the romance of book collecting by j. h. slater
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 march 23 1895 by various
lollingdon downs by john masefield
campaigning in kaffirland by w. r. king
wastralls by c. a. dawson-scott
the remarkable history of sir thomas upmore bart. m.p.
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 70 no. 434
scientific basis of morals and other essays
secret inheritance volume 3 of 3 by benjamin leopold farjeon
cholera gazette vol. 1 no. 4 wednesday august 1st 1832 by various
pictographs of the north american indians. a preliminary paper
a view of society and manners in france switzerland
the trade signs of essex by miller christy
report on the radiolaria collected by h.m.s. challenger during the
biography for beginners by various
little orphan annie and billy miller's circus-show
rogues and vagabonds by george r. sims
birds and nature vol. 9 no. 3 march 1901 by various
omaha sociology (1884 n 03 / 1881-1882 (pages 205-370))
the stocking-knitter's manual by mrs. george cupples
nature's teachings by j. g. wood
between the larch-woods and the weir by flora klickmann
reynolds by randall davies
a strange world volume 1 of 3 by m. e. braddon
soldering brazing and welding by bernard e. jones
ornithological biography volume 2 of 5 by john james audubon
love poems and others by d. h. lawrence
harmonies of political economy by frdric bastiat
social england under the regency vol. 1 of 2 by john ashton
the adventures of captain john patterson with notices of
gleanings in buddha-fields by lafcadio hearn
descriptive pamphlet of the richmond mill furnishing works
great facts by frederick c. bakewell
the story of the book of mormon by george reynolds
travels in the central parts of indo-china (siam) cambodia
minstrelsy of the scottish border volume iii of 3 by walter scott
plays and lyrics by cale young rice
deficient saints by marshall saunders
the search party by g. a. birmingham
handbook of birmingham by various
the new man by henry clay bruce
captivity and escape by m. jean martin
a plain and easie method for preserving (by god's blessing)
the lulu alphabet by anonymous
edward buttoneye and his adventures by cyril f. austin
the romance of war volume 2 of 3 by james grant
little french masterpieces by honor de balzac
hogarth's works vol. 1 of 3 by john ireland and john nichols
the story of don john of austria by luis coloma
the early life of washington by anonymous
complete treatise on the mare and foal at the time of delivery
my strange rescue by j. macdonald oxley
david blaize and the blue door by edward frederic benson
the fiddlers by arthur mee
the science of the stars by e. walter maunder
simeon tetlow's shadow by jennette lee
the present method of inoculating for the small-pox
kate vernon vol. 3 of 3 by mrs. alexander
leon roch vol. 1 of 2 by benito prez galds
the peoples of india by james drummond anderson
the comic history of england by gilbert abbott a'beckett
the anatomy of suicide by forbes winslow
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (2 of 6):
the lead pencil manufactory of a. w. faber at stein
the seventh regiment by george l. wood
the death ship vol. 1 of 3 by w. clark russell
the american missionary volume 34 no. 7 july 1880 by various
nerlich & co. fall and holiday trade catalogue 1900-1901
molly and kitty by olga eschenbach and maria burg
legends by august strindberg
the theory and practice of brewing by michael combrune
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 7 august 15 1840 by various
angels of the battlefield by george barton
the nursery alice by lewis carroll
life and adventures of rear-admiral john paul jones
the city of god volume i by aurelius augustine
captured at tripoli by percy f. westerman
bessie among the mountains by joanna h. mathews
blue-stocking hall vol. 2 of 3 by william pitt scargill
the boot and shoe manufacturers' assistant and guide by various
daughters of the dominion by bessie marchant
ten acres enough by edmund morris
frederic chopin vol. 1 of 2 by moritz karasowski
historical record of the sixth or inniskilling regiment
the english lakes; a sketch-book by gordon home
devlin the barber by b. l. farjeon
the letters of gracchus on the east india question by grachhus
manual of library cataloguing by j. henry quinn
cambridge and its story by charles william stubbs
peter vischer by cecil headlam
hurst and blackett's standard library (1895) by hurst
exploration of the valley of the amazon part 1 of 2
on the existence of active oxygen by edward h. keiser
the bee hunters by gustave aimard
the oxonian in thelemarken vol. 2 of 2 by frederick metcalfe
the world's greatest books -- volume 17 -- poetry and drama by various
the heart of the ancient wood by charles g. d. roberts
the present state of the british interest in india by anonymous
sunshine and storm in rhodesia by frederick courteney selous
colour in the flower garden by gertrude jekyll
squire phin by holman day
spiritual tales by fiona macleod
adventures of hernan cortes the conqueror of mexico by uncle philips
essays upon heredity and kindred biological problems
the pleasant historie of the conquest of the vveast india
main currents in nineteenth century literature vol. 5 of 6
the history of gambling in england by john ashton
jessie's parrot by joanna mathews
handbook of railroad construction by george l. vose
the art of bookbinding by joseph w. zaehnsdorf
eighteen months' imprisonment by donald shaw
the cultivation and manufacture of tea by edward money
how to bring men to christ by r. a. torrey
asmodeus; or the devil on two sticks by alain-ren le sage
motor matt's submarine by stanley r. matthews
the life of sir isaac newton by david brewster
practical training for running walking rowing wrestling boxing
the month of mary according to the spirit of st. francis of sales
john inglesant volume ii of 2 by joseph henry shorthouse
practical cinematography and its applications
oliver twist vol. ii of 3 by charles dickens
miscellaneous pieces in prose by john aikin and anna ltitia barbauld
historical record of the third or the king's own regiment
the decline and fall of whist by john petch hewby
in search of the castaways by jules verne
the legend of kupirri by w. a. cawthorne
the tragedy of fotheringay by mary monica maxwell-scott
the ingoldsby country by charles g. harper
life of joseph brant--thayendanegea vol. 1 by william l. stone
the sheepfold and the common vol. ii (of 2) by timothy east
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
the czar by deborah alcock
madame young's guide to health by madame young and amelia young
from peking to mandalay by r. f. johnston
the castle of ehrenstein by george payne rainsford james
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
boscobel: or the royal oak by william harrison ainsworth
proofs of a conspiracy against all the religions and
the expositor's bible; the book of the twelve prophets
the white room by fergus hume
english coins and tokens by llewellynn jewitt and barclay v. head
babylon vol. 3 of 3 by grant allen
the exeter road by charles g. harper
vandyke brown by adolphus charles troughton
the cliff-dwellers by henry blake fuller
five years in a persian town by napier malcolm
precepts in practice by a. l. o. e
frank reade jr. and his new steam man or the young
fig culture by gustav eisen and franklin sumner earle
the american missionary vol. 33 no. 1 january 1879 by various
old wonder-eyes by l. k. lippincott and grace greenwood
slavery in pennsylvania by edward raymond turner
parallel paths by thomas william rolleston
beasts & men by jean de bosschre
south london by sir walter besant
the american bee-keeper vol. 2 number 3 march 1892 by various
with the dyaks of borneo by f. s. brereton
history of greece vol. 7 of 12 by george grote
tolstoy by romain rolland
a short history of the worshipful company of horners by h. g. rosedale
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 42 april 17 1841 by various
gleanings from the harvest-fields of literature
section cutting and staining by walter s. colman
chambers's journal of popular literature science
thoughts out of season part i by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
historical record of the fourteenth or the king's regiment
forty years among the indians by daniel w. jones
free trapper's pass by william r. eyster
an old man's prayer by george m. baker
wide world magazine vol. 22 no. 128 november 1908 by various
'twixt earth and stars by marguerite radclyffe-hall
the juggler's oracle by herman boaz
history of the beef cattle industry in illinois by frank webster farley
a parody on patience by d. dalziel and h. w. mcvicar
a tour through the pyrenees by hippolyte adolphe taine
the slave of the mine by bracebridge hemyng
the black box by w. bourne cooke
sappho by henry thornton wharton
a modest meane to mariage by clarke erasmus roterodamus
buffon's natural history volume iii of 10 by georges louis leclerc
birds and nature vol. 11 no. 3 march 1902 by various
on molecular and microscopic science volume 1 of 2 by mary somerville
plays by john davidson
an account of the manner of inoculating for the small pox
recollections of the civil war by maud e. morrow
the war stories of private thomas atkins by thomas atkins
art-studies from nature as applied to design by f. e. hulme
the younger sister vol. 1 by catherine anne austen hubback
the philadelphia housewife by mary hodgson
spiders by cecil warburton
the motor routes of france by gordon home
bessie and her friends by joanna hooe mathews
the golden flood by edwin lefevre
ten thousand wonderful things by edmund fillingham king
the celtic christianity of cornwall by thomas taylor
whom god hath joined by fergus hume
the mentor vol. 1 no. 44 december 15 1913: famous english poets
the west indies and the spanish main by anthony trollope
mythology among the hebrews by ignaz goldziher
corsica by ernest young
the princess nobody by andrew lang
notes of hospital life from november 1861 to august 1863
main currents in nineteenth century literature
with a reservist in france by f. a. bolwell
their majesties' servants vol. 3 of 3 by john doran
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 67 no. 411
the shoes of fortune by neil munro
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 70 no. 433
my memoirs vol. 3 of 6 by alexandre dumas
international may day and american labor day by boris reinstein
london and the kingdom - volume iii by reginald r. sharpe
popular sayings from old iberia by eduardo miranda
notes of a naturalist in south america by john ball
the house on the moor volume 1 of 3 by mrs. oliphant
the 125th regiment illinois volunteer infantry by robert m. rogers
beaumont and fletcher's works vol. 9 of 10 by francis beaumont
a loyal little red-coat by ruth ogden
century of inventions of the marquis of worcester
alhalla or the lord of talladega by henry rowe schoolcraft
social origins and primal law by andrew lang and james jasper atkinson
a nurse's life in war and peace by eleanor constance laurence
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 67 no. 416 june 1850 by various
kitty alone volume 2 of 3 by s. baring gould
history of ancient pottery vol. 1 of 2 by h. b. walters
the red-headed man by fergus hume
things to be remembered in daily life by john timbs
the master of game by second duke of york edward
the journal of prison discipline and philanthropy by various
buffon's natural history volume i of 10 by georges louis leclerc
oracles from the poets by caroline gilman
froebel as a pioneer in modern psychology by elsie riach murray
a mechanical account of poisons in several essays by richard mead
history of orrin pierce by american sunday-school union
new zealand moths and butterflies by g. v. hudson
progress of the women's suffrage movement by eleanor mildred sidgwick
the senator's bride by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
a treatise on acupuncturation by james morss churchill
gideon bands for work within the race and for work
beadle's dime union song book no. 2 by various
the mormon prophet and his harem by c.v. waite
the epicurean by thomas moore
the american missionary volume 34 no. 12 december 1880 by various
william cobbett by edward smith
life and treason of benedict arnold by jared sparks
eighty-fourth regiment pennsylvania volunteers (infantry) 1861-1865
description of a new world called the blazing-world
coward or hero? by eugne leclerc
deadly adulteration and slow poisoning unmasked by anonymous
the province of midwives in the practice of their art by william clark
the principles of chemistry. vol. 2 of 2 by d. mendeleff
the train boy by horatio alger jr.
myths of the rhine by x. b. saintine
lily norris' enemy by joanna mathews
the days of auld lang syne by ian maclaren
chains by elizabeth baker
secret service or recollections of a city detective by andrew forrester
peeps at many lands: canada by j. t. bealby
caesar borgia by john leslie garner
strive and succeed by horatio alger
the life and adventures of guzman d'alfarache or thespanish rogue
santa claus' frolics by george m. baker
the mentor vol. 1 no. 48 january 12 1914: two early german painters
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no. 393 july 1848
fundamental philosophy vol. 2 of 2 by jaime luciano balmes
the conquest of the river plate (1535-1555) by ulrich schmidt
algeria and tunis by frances e. nesbitt
a history of epidemics in britain volume ii (of 2)
leather by k. j. adcock
beyond these voices by m. e. braddon
a hundred years hence by t. baron russell
tom terror the outlaw by james jackson
the origin and development of christian dogma by charles a. h. tuthill
the agony column of the 'times' 1800-1870 by various
ornithological biography volume 1 of 5 by john james audubon
a canadian farm mystery by bessie marchant
birds and all nature vol. 6 no. 4 november 1899 by various
india and indian engineering by julius george medley
the ballads and songs of yorkshire by c. j. davison ingledew
greater greece and greater britain; and george washington
railway rates: english and foreign by j. grierson
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 981 october 15 1898 by various
bell's cathedrals: the church of st. martin canterbury
gunpowder and ammunition their origin and progress by henry w. l. hime
four and twenty fairy tales by various
the treasure of the 'san philipo' by percy f. westerman
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
cambridge a sketch book by walter m. keesey
katia by graf leo tolstoy
the black galley by wilhelm raabe and michael wooff
ordeal by battle by frederick scott oliver
czech folk tales by josef baudi
from the log of the velsa by arnold bennett
miles standish by john s. c. abbott
letters and discussions on the formation of colored regiments
the quiver 11/1899 by anonymous
fanny campbell the female pirate captain by maturin murray ballou
nelly channell by sarah doudney
life of robert stevenson by david stevenson
political institutions of the ancient greeks by basil edward hammond
the comic almanack vol. 2 of 2 by various
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxvii august 1852 vol. v
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 13 september 26 1840 by various
the american missionary volume 33 no. 12 december 1879 by various
sketches of central asia (1868) by arminius vmbry
their majesties' servants vol. 1 of 3 by john doran
armour in england by j. starkie gardner and v. a. farquharson
tour of the american lakes and among the indians
craft gilds by w. cunningham
the works of john dryden vol. 9 of 18 by john dryden
the strand magazine volume vii issue 41 may 1894 by various
leonie the typewriter by wenona gilman
the harvest of a quiet eye by john richard vernon
glimpses of nature and objects of interest described
historical record of the twenty-first or the royal north british
frank's ranche by e. marston
the petrol engine by francis john kean
moorland idylls by grant allen
a lady of england by agnes giberne
salmonia by humphrey davy
the orloff couple and malva by maxim gorky
abbotsford by w. s. crockett
historic sites of lancashire and cheshire by james croston
twenty six choice poetical extracts by various
armenian legends and poems by various
society in america vol. 1 of 2 by harriet martineau
ancient monuments of the mississippi valley
an historical review of the royal marine corps from its original
chambers's journal of popular literature science
isabel clarendon volume i by george gissing
bird watching by edmund selous
the impudent comedian & others by frank frankfort moore
miriam by daniel frederick edward sykes
historical parallels vol. 1 of 3 by arthur thomas malkin
sekhet by irene miller
the heart of england by edward thomas
the mediaeval mind (volume i of ii) by henry osborn taylor
the pantropheon or history of food its preparation
john bull's womankind by max o'rell
irish witchcraft and demonology by st. john drelincourt seymour
in good company by coulson kernahan
rancho del muerto by charles king and others
saunder's books on pathology physiology histologyembryology
the great push by patrick macgill
german war practices part 1: treatment of civilians by various
the lettsomian lectures 1900-1901 by j. mitchell bruce
twelve years a slave by solomon northup
the fleets at war by archibald hurd
settler's 35 years' experience in victoria australia by edward hulme
the curiosities of dudley and the black country
the east india vade-mecum vol. 2 of 2 by thomas williamson
the history of modern painting volume 2 (of 4) by richard muther
the american missionary vol. 35 no. 10 october 1881 by various
the works of john marston by john marston
a likely story by william de morgan
frank reade jr. and his engine of the clouds by luis senarens
the grey man by s. r. crockett
wild irish girl volumes i and ii by lady sydney morgan
american missionary volume 32 no. 12 december 1878 by various
the pearl of the andes by gustave aimard
the life times and scientific labours of the second marquis
the millionaire mystery by fergus hume
sir edwin landseer by frederick g. stephens
the adventures of captain mago by lon cahun
monica volume 2 of 3 by evelyn everett-green
the wheat princess by jean webster
bartholomew fair by ben jonson
a treatise on the culture of the tobacco plant with the manner
the flower-fields of alpine switzerland by george flemwell
siegfried and the twilight of the gods by richard wagner
daisy's work by joanna h. (joanna hooe) mathews
the choir school of st. bede's by frederick harrison
the pennycomequicks vol. 1 of 3 by s. baring-gould
the boston school atlas by b. franklin edmands
the duchess of dublin by george m. baker
punch or the london charivari vol.107 september 1 1894 by various
travels in peru and india by clements robert markham
historical record of the twelfth or the prince of wales's
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 7 april 1883
the history theory and practice of illuminating by m. digby wyatt
letters from a sf teacher by shaikh sharfuddn maner
a dictionary of arts manufactures and mines by andrew ure
grettir the outlaw by s. baring-gould
a dissertation on the inutility of the amputation of limbs
monsieur bergeret in paris by anatole france
ralph raymond's heir by horatio alger
wyllard's weird by mary elisabeth braddon
the vegetable lamb of tartary by henry lee
mrs. caudle's curtain lectures by anonymous
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 991 december 24 1898 by various
the bayeux tapestry elucidated by john collingwood bruce
yule-tide yarns by various
the still-room by julia anne elizabeth tollemache roundell
palissy the huguenot potter by c. l. brightwell
motor tours in yorkshire by mrs. rodolph stawell
the minister's wooing by harriet beecher stowe
joseph priestley by thomas edward thorpe
the pictorial grammar by alfred crowquill
ticonderoga by george payne rainsford james
the royal exchange and the palace of industry; or the possible
sixth annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the secretary
louis spohr's autobiography by louis spohr
mother of pearl by anatole france
the marvellous adventures and rare conceits of master
the first men in the moon by h. g. wells
the history and romance of crime: early french prisons
a sketch in the life and times of judge haliburton
the bible by john e. remsburg
the automatic toy works manufacturers of the best novelties
historical parallels vol. 3 of 3 by arthur thomas malkin
the blizzard in the west by unknown
the horses of the sahara by eugene daumas
my austrian love by maxime provost
oxford mountaineering essays by various
tides by john drinkwater
the fables of la fontaine by jean de la fontaine
big game shooting vol. 2 of 2 by clive phillipps-wolley
'farewell' by w. h. stacpoole
the gypsy's parson by george hall
theodor leschetizky by annette hullah
the city of god volume ii by aurelius augustine
the flag and other poems by amy redpath roddick
the art of tying the cravat by h. le blanc
an old english home by s. baring-gould
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 66 no. 406 august 1849
flora by a.l.o.e
wanderings in spain by thophile gautier
the life of robert lord clive vol. 2 of 3 by john malcolm
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science and art by various
the two marys by margaret oliphant
picturesque sketches of london past and present by thomas miller
a desperate game by john maddison morton
napoleon's appeal to the british nation on his treatment at saint
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 21 november 21 1840 by various
the laird of norlaw; a scottish story by margaret oliphant
memoirs of the generals commodores and other commanders who
the buried treasure by harry castlemon
graham's magazine vol. 41 no. 3 september 1852 by various
john herring vol. 1 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
experiments and observations on the following subjects by thomas henry
cardinal pole by william harrison ainsworth
an account of the bell rock light-house by robert stevenson
ellen terry and her sisters by t. edgar pemberton
anecdotal recollections of the congress of vienna
the history and romance of crime: the chronicles of newgate
the seat of empire by charles carleton coffin
a biblical and theological dictionary by richard watson
the courtships of queen elizabeth by martin andrew sharp hume
the englishwoman in italy by a. l. v. gretton
the great pestilence (a.d. 1348-9) by francis aidan gasquet
the american missionary volume 36 no. 7 july 1882 by various
alive in the jungle by eleanor stredder
the campaign in russian poland by percy cross standing
note-book no. 1 of the kickapoo club by various
the kansas university science bulletin vol. 1 no. 1 by various
musical instruments by carl engel
the history of the maritime wars of the turks by ktip elebi
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 4 december 1834 by various
votes for women by elizabeth robins
sea spray: verses and translations by thomas william rolleston
over the border by robert barr
the architecture of provence and the riviera by david macgibbon
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 10 october 1878 by various
well after all by frank frankfort moore
studies in the evolutionary psychology of feeling
when men grew tall or the story of andrew jackson
a voyage to the moon by cyrano de bergerac
finger-ring lore by william jones
the most extra ordinary trial of william palmer for the rugeley
journal of a west india proprietor by matthew gregory lewis
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 3 march 1850 by various
the novel on the tram by benito prez galds
the girl's own paper vol. xx no. 994 january 14 1899 by various
cassell's history of england. vol. 3 by cassell
the brochure by various
the family at misrule by ethel turner
mrs. leary's cow by c. c. hine
the mentor: benjamin franklin vol. 6 no. 7 serial no. 155
practical guide to english versification by tom hood
hacking through belgium by edmund dane
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 april 27 1895 by various
the old inns of old england volume i (of 2) by charles g. harper
observations on the disturbances in the madras army in 1809
charles bradlaugh: a record of his life and work volume ii of 2
cornish worthies volume 2 of 2 by walter h. tregellas
the writings of thomas jefferson volume 7 of 9
travels to discover the source of the nile vol. 1 of 2 by james bruce
a sermon preach'd before the right honourable the lord-mayor
the earth and its inhabitants volume 1: europe by lise reclus
the american missionary volume 34 no. 4 april 1880 by various
the speculations of john steele by robert barr
the year nine by anne manning
beautiful birds by edmund selous
frey and his wife by maurice henry hewlett
a short history of freethought ancient and modern
a soldier of the legion by george manington
a treatise of buggs by john southall
eventful narratives by robert aveson and o. b. huntington
future development of japanese dwelling houses by shigetsura shiga
buffon's natural history volume ix of 10 by georges louis leclerc
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 404 june 1849 by various
rude stone monuments in all countries by james fergusson
national geographic magazine vol. 1 no. 2 april 1889 by various
a history of champagne by henry vizetelly
the lenp and their legends by daniel g. brinton
the conspiracy of gianluigi fieschi by emanuele celesia
bothwell volume 1 of 3 by james grant
the laughter of peterkin by fiona macleod
jm by frederick hadland davies and nur-addn 'abd-alrahmn jm
stratford-on-avon; a sketch-book by gordon home
the kachris by sidney endle
rank and talent; a novel vol. 3 of 3 by william pitt scargill
the expositor's bible: the book of ezekiel by john skinner
kingless folk by john adams
the surgery of ritual circumcision by jacob snowman
cruikshank's water colours by george cruikshank and various
foot-prints of a letter carrier by james rees
the regimental records of the british army by john s. farmer
the churches and modern thought by philip vivian
the cuckoo in the nest vol. 1 of 2 by margaret oliphant
proclamation of the twelve apostles of the church
life's dawn on earth by sir john william dawson
first love vol. 1 of 3 by margracia loudon
cowardice court by george barr mccutcheon
the inns of court by cecil headlam
the life of nephi by george q. cannon
the roman wall by rev. john collingwood bruce
smokiana by r. t. pritchett
fast-day cookery by grace johnson
our english towns and villages by h. r. wilton hall
the sultan and his people by c. oscanyan
the friar's daughter by charles lincoln phifer
yorkshire battles by edward lamplough
the forgery by george payne rainsford james
the comic english grammar by percival leigh
the golden bough third edition vol. 11 of 12 by james george frazer
the young emperor william ii of germany by harold frederic
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 983 october 29 1898 by various
a vindication of the presbyteriall-government and ministry
historical record of the 67th or the south hampshireregiment
the loss of his majesty's frigate anson by unknown
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 8 of 8 by various
archery rules by charles f. a. hinrichs
pioneers in australasia by sir harry hamilton johnston
the prolongation of life by elie metchnikoff
selected letters of saint jane frances de chantal
the tickencote treasure by william le queux
the horse's mouth by edward mayhew
graham's magazine vol. xxxiv no. 2 february 1849 by various
the art of graining: how acquired and how produced
the tower of london by arthur poyser
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 11 september 12 1840 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science
studies on slavery in easy lessons by john fletcher
the isle of wight by g. e. mitton
cdwalla by frank cowper
nineteen centuries of drink in england by richard valpy french
godey's lady's book by various
a lady's tour in corsica vol. ii of 2 by gertrude forde
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 july 27 1895 by various
the camp of refuge by charles macfarlane
wanderings in india by john lang
florida and the game water-birds by robert barnwell roosevelt
catharine de bora by john g. morris
history of the indians of north and south america
erchie by neil munro
the mikirs by edward stack
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science
mr. punch in society by various
historical record of the seventeenth regiment of light
marianela by benito prez galds
the irish crisis by c. e. trevelyan
all but lost vol. 1 of 3 by g. a. henty
the post of honour by richard wilson
chambers's edinburgh journal no.308 by various
the mystery and romance of alchemy and pharmacy
the magic ring and other stories by various
renascence by walter crane
the british journal of photography no. 613 vol 19
afternoon by mile verhaeren
the knickerbocker vol. 57 no. 1 january 1861 by various
a history of the trial of castner hanway and others for treason at
the lady from nowhere by fergus hume
illustrations of exotic entomology volume 3 by dru drury
a beacon for the blind by winifred holt
their majesties' servants vol. 2 of 3 by john doran
who was lost and is found by margaret oliphant
visual signaling by signal corps united states army
the ladies lindores vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the book of months by e. f. benson
lion and dragon in northern china by reginald fleming johnston
british policy in the illinois country 1763-1768
the galleon's gold by luis senarens
diane of ville marie by blanche lucile macdonnell
observations and reflections made in the course of a journey
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. i of 9 by thomas jefferson
philosophical works vol. 2 of 4 by david hume
siam by ernest young
reprint of two tracts by jean paul marat
isabel clarendon volume ii by george gissing
on foreign service by t. t. jeans
haw-ho-noo by charles lanman
american missionary volume 41 no. 12 december 1887 by various
two dianas in somaliland by agnes herbert
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 17 october 24 1840 by various
fifty years of freedom by francis j. grimke
artists and arabs by henry blackburn
legends from river & mountain by carmen sylva and alma strettell
the old log cabin by lucian b. watkins
corporal tikitanu v.c. by j. c. fussell
the works of francis maitland balfour volume iv of 4
illustrations of exotic entomology volume 2 by dru drury
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 4 january 1885
frank reade jr.'s submarine boat by luis philip senarens
a trip to pilawin by r. lydekker
the valleys of tirol by r. h. busk
disraeli by walter sydney sichel
the sufferings and escape of capt. chas. h. brown from an
essays and dialogues by giacomo leopardi
a voyage round the world by george anson
proverbs and their lessons by richard chenevix trench
universal counterfeit and bank note detector at sight by h. c. foote
the treasure of hidden valley by willis george emerson
behind the footlights by mrs. ethel alec-tweedie
graham's magazine vol. 41 no. 4 october 1852 by various
dactylography by henry faulds
a history of inventions discoveries and origins
fragments of experience by various
sir charles napier by sir william francis butler
cats by w. gordon stables
a society clown by george grossmith
monica volume 3 of 3 by evelyn everett-green
poems by william anderson
gunboat and gun-runner by t. t. jeans
redmanship in kentucky for fifty great suns by frank l. smith
from paris to pekin over siberian snows by victor meignan
tuscan folk-lore and sketches together with some other papers
some adventures of mr. surelock keys by herbert beeman
the adventurers by leonard merrick
the christiana riot and the treason trials of 1851 by w. u. hensel
bowling catalog e by narragansett machine company
the strand magazine - vol. 1 - no. 5 - may 1891 by various
the coil of carne by john oxenham
the world's earliest music by hermann smith
an introduction to entomology: vol. ii (of 4)
anecdotes of the manners and customs of london during the
the world's greatest books volume xx miscellaneous literature
charities and the commons: the pittsburgh survey
english pictures by samuel manning and s. g. green
the devil in britain and america by john ashton
a system of practical medicine by american authors vol. ii by various
by order of the company by mary johnston
bubbles from the brunnens of nassau by francis bond head
drifting by t. buchanan read
narrative of the battle of cowan's ford february 1st 1781
the bells and other poems by edgar allan poe
the cherokee nation of indians. (1887 n 05 / 1883-
revolted woman by charles g. harper
minnie brown by daniel wise
proceedings third national conference workmen's compensation
ancient britain and the invasions of julius caesar
aurora floyd vol. 2 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
the college the market and the court by caroline h. dall
the whip hand by samuel merwin
adventures of the ojibbeway and ioway indians in england
at bay by mrs. alexander
kirkcaldy of grange by louis a. barb
the kangaroo hunters by anne bowman
theism by robert flint
some zulu customs and folk-lore by levine henrietta samuelson
victories of wellington and the british armies
running the blockade by thomas e. taylor
the turning of the tide by elijah kellogg
the observations of henry by jerome k. jerome
nellie's housekeeping by joanna mathews
the theatrocrat by john davidson
mother west wind when stories by thornton w. burgess
the poetical works of david gray
the life of galileo galilei with illustrations of the advancement
the philosophy of art by hippolyte taine
gold gold in cariboo! by clive phillipps-wolley
hanging in chains by albert hartshorne
the mentor: beautiful buildings of the world vol. 1 no. 33
dagonet abroad by george r. sims
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 6 of 8
a strange world volume 3 of 3 by m. e. braddon
the ornithosauria: an elementary study of the bones
crimes and punishments by james anson farrer
a night in the luxembourg by remy de gourmont
adventures in wallypug-land by g. e. farrow
history and romance of crime and modern french prisons
the babe b.a. by e. f. benson
the life of sir john falstaff by robert b. brough
the art of architectural modelling in paper by t. a. richardson
walter crane's painting book by walter crane
two yellow-birds by anonymous
kitty alone vol. 3 of 3 by s. baring gould
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 49 june 5 1841 by various
work by mile zola
little brown jug by george melville baker
new theories in astronomy by willam stirling
cuchulain the hound of ulster by eleanor hull
a bible hand-book by fernandez c. holliday
two college friends by fred. w. loring
duty of american women to their country by catharine esther beecher
highland legends by thomas dick lauder
two wars: an autobiography of general samuel g. french
tent life with english gipsies in norway by hubert smith
lorenzo de' medici the magnificent vol. 1 of 2 by alfred von reumont
through unknown tibet by m. s. wellby
the life of sir rowland hill vol. ii of 2 by rowland hill
the sleeping beauty and other fairy tales by arthur
wanderings through unknown austria by randolph ll. hodgson
the cardinal moth by fred m. white
blessed edmund campion by louise imogen guiney
costume: fanciful historical and theatrical by mrs. aria
the journal of prison discipline and philanthropy new series
lion ben of elm island by elijah kellogg
happy island by jennette lee
journal of residence in the new herbrides s. w. pacific ocean
stage-coach and mail in days of yore vol. 2 of 2 by charles g. harper
moses and aaron by thomas goodwin
the memoirs of franois ren vicomte de chateaubriand sometime
spain in 1830 vol. 2 by henry d. inglis
hildebrand by anonymous
the athelings; volume 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the chronicles of enguerrand de monstrelet vol. 7 of 13
the wars of the roses by john g. edgar
dolus upon the cure of the gout by milk-diet
an essay to shew the cause of electricity by john freke
the oregon question by albert gallatin
lectures on poetry by joseph trapp
sketches from eastern history by theodor nldeke
miscellanea curiosa vol. 1 by various
echoes of old lancashire by william e. a. axon
a soldier's daughter by g. a. henty
on the state of lunacy and the legal provision
third reader by various
a cyclopaedia of canadian biography; being chiefly men
the religious and loyal subject's duty considered: with regard
rodney by david hannay
historical record of the fifth regiment of foot
shakespeare and the emblem writers by henry green
the puering bating & drenching of skins by joseph turney wood
the law's lumber room by francis watt
victoria c. woodhull by theodore tilton
hobson-jobson by henry yule and arthur coke burnell
female warriors vol. ii (of 2) by ellen c. clayton
dreadnoughts of the dogger by robert leighton
a basket of barley loaves by mary christina miller
modern design in jewellery and fans by various
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 10 july 1884
the present state of hayti (saint domingo) with remarks
pearl-fishing; choice stories from dickens' household
a flower wedding by walter crane
our sentimental journey through france and italy by joseph pennell
up and down by edward frederic benson
sketch of the history of the knights templars by james burnes
hours in a library vol. 3 of 3 by leslie stephen
an account of the abipones an equestrian people of paraguay
flora adair vol. 2 (of 2) by a. m. donelan
north italian folk by alice vansittart strettel carr
usdoa farmer's bulletin no. 59 bee keeping by frank benton
a dictionary of slang cant and vulgar words by a london antiquary
with the british legion by g. a. henty
only a girl's love by charles garvice
the american missionary volume 33 no. 10 october 1879 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the factory boy by madeline leslie
the rivers and streams of england by a. g. bradley
the odysseys of homer by homer
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 23 december 5 1840 by various
sixty folk-tales from exclusively slavonic sources by various
the anatomy of the human peritoneum and abdominal cavity
on mr. spencer's data of ethics by malcolm guthrie
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
a treatise on painting by leonardo da vinci
burlesque plays and poems by henry morley geoffrey chaucer
trout flies of devon and cornwall and how and when to use them
women of the classics by mary c. sturgeon
the preacher's complete homiletic commentary on the books of the bible
ulric the jarl by william o. stoddard
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights
running to waste by george m. baker
the argentine in the twentieth century by albert b. martinez
the memoirs of a white elephant by judith gautier
english jests and anecdotes by various
the book lovers' anthology by various
aurora floyd vol. 3 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
the pope the kings and the people by william arthur
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 66 no. 410
the grey monk by t. w. speight
war to the knife by rolf boldrewood
peeps at many lands: england by john finnemore
vaiti of the islands by beatrice grimshaw
john leech's pictures of life and character volume 3 of 3
a brief journal of what passed in the city of marseilles
philipp reis: inventor of the telephone by silvanus p. thompson
in the world by maxim gorky
ada the betrayed by john malcolm rymer
historical record of the seventh or the queen's own regiment of
the shakespearean myth by appleton morgan
schopenhauer by margrieta beer
a history of the irish poor law in connexion with thecondition
the british journal of dermatology april 1905 by various
the notting hill mystery by charles felix
modern cotton spinning machinery by joseph nasmith
the growth of a crystal by henry a. miers
embassy to the eastern courts of cochin-china siam and muscat
richard coeur de lion and blondel by charlotte bront
perkins of portland by ellis parker butler
motor matt's peril or cast away in the bahamas by stanley r. matthews
proverb stories by louisa may alcott
marks' first lessons in geometry by bernhard marks
jessie trim by b. l. farjeon
the logic of vegetarianism by henry stephens salt
pearl-fishing; choice stories from dickens' household words;
patraas by r. h. busk
more italian yesterdays by mrs. hugh fraser
the life story of an otter by john tregarthen
the new army in training by rudyard kipling
my short story book by various
snap-dragons by j. h. ewing
the old woman who lived in a shoe by amanda minnie douglas
motor matt's prize by stanley r. matthews
the german lieutenant and other stories by august strindberg
blackie & son's books for young people catalogue 1898 by various
southern literary messenger vol. i no. 6 february 1835 by various
woman's profession as mother and educator with views in
mad pranks of tom tram son-in-law to mother winter by humphrey crouch
the poetry of south africa by alexander wilmot
scenes in the life of harriet tubman by sarah hopkins bradford
christmas on the briny the innocents abroad by william bede christie
an irish precursor of dante by charles stuart boswell
anathema by leonid andreyev
a parisian sultana vol. 3 of 3 by adolphe belot
memories of my life by mrs. j. s. o. allen
concord days by a. bronson alcott
william nelson by daniel wilson
the martyrdom of madeline by robert buchanan
the art of theatrical make-up by cavendish morton
historical record of the third or princes of wales' regiment
salvador of the twentieth century by percy f. martin
ten years' digging in egypt 1881-1891 by w. m. flinders petrie
wide world magazine vol. 22 no. 129 december 1908 by various
silanus the christian by edwin a. abbott
swetnam the woman-hater arraigned by women by anonymous
odette by ronald firbank
the manchester rebels of the fatal '45 by william harrison ainsworth
where art begins by hume nisbet
treatment of the diseases of the eye by means of prussic acid
the evolution of old testament religion by w. e. orchard
blue-stocking hall vol. 3 of 3 by william pitt scargill
mrs. loudon's entertaining naturalist by jane loudon
london (ancient and modern) from the sanitary and
brazil the river plate and the falkland islands by william hadfield
the pastime of pleasure by stephen hawes
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights entertainments
delaware by george payne rainsford james
the works of john dryden. now first collected
buffon's natural history volume v of 10 by georges louis leclerc
how to travel by thomas w. knox
stories of the gorilla country by paul du chaillu
the insect world by louis figuier
the american missionary volume 36 no. 4 april 1882 by various
willis's current notes no. xiii january 1852 by various
the kingdom of the yellow robe by ernest young
the metaphysic of christianity and buddhism by dawsonne m. strong
parasites by t. spencer cobbold
tachyhippodamia by willis j. powell and j. s. rarey
mrs. peixada by henry harland
nooks and corners of lancashire and cheshire. by james croston
port argent by arthur colton
humility by andrew murray
slavery by j. l. baker
studies on homer and the homeric age vol. 1 of 3 by w. e. gladstone
whist or bumblepuppy by john petch hewby
secret inheritance volume 2 of 3 by benjamin leopold farjeon
graft by harold brighouse
a little change by sydney grundy
the tower of london by william benham
the scottish journal of topography antiquities traditions
jeanne d'arc maid of orleans deliverer of france by various
the common objects of the country by j. g. wood
ars amatoria or the art of love by ovid
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science
the brochure series of architectural illustration
the last abbot of glastonbury by augustine david crake
german influence on british cavalry by erskine childers
a parisian sultana vol. 2 of 3 by adolphe belot
the drawings of leonardo da vinci
a son of the state by w. pett ridge
man and the glacial period by g. frederick wright
the battle of the rivers by edmund dane
the case of wagner by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
the white wampum by e. pauline johnson
a battle of the books recorded by an unknown writer for the use
the saturday magazine no. 65 july 6th 1833 by various
history of the anglo-saxons by thomas miller
an essay to the restoring of our decayed trade by joseph trevers
way-marks by g.t. bedell
golden dreams and leaden realities by ralph raven
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
extraction of the teeth by j. f. colyer
food and morals by j. f. clymer
gems for the young folks by various
spanish america vol. 2 of 2 by sir richard henry bonnycastle
flatland by edwin abbott abbott
pedal and path by george b. thayer
the alien invasion by william henry wilkins
the sunken isthmus by luis senarens
sir william wallace by a. f. murison
greek dress by ethel beatrice abrahams
the boy travellers in the far east part third by thomas w. knox
the history and romance of crime: german and austrian prisons
round about bar-le-duc by susanne r. day
cassell's history of england vol. 2 of 9 by anonymous
phyllis by margaret hungerford
wood carvings in english churches by francis bond
life of joseph brant--thayandanegea vol. 2 by william l. stone
urith by sabine baring-gould
from snotty to sub by wolstan beaumont charles weld forester
bacon and shakespeare by albert f. calvert
delaware by george payne rainsford james
the ladies' paradise by mile zola
a guide to the mount's bay and the land's end by john ayrton paris
useful knowledge vol. 3 animals by william bingley
a noble queen vol. 3 of 3 by philip meadows taylor
the forum by various
letters from the raven by lafcadio hearn
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 65 no. 402
chambers' catalogue. - 1897 by w. & r. chambers
the cowslip by anonymous
the story of wellington by harold f. b. wheeler
the friends of voltaire by s. g. tallentyre
graham's magazine vol. 41 no. 2 august 1852 by various
historical record of the eighteenth or the royal irish regiment
humanity to honey-bees by thomas nutt
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 september 28 1895 by various
farquharson of glune by may bateman
chantilly in history and art by louise m. richter
boy of my heart by marie connor leighton
minnewaska mountain houses by anonymous
the life of carmen sylva queen of roumania by natalie stackelberg
dryden's works vol. 8 of 18: amphitryon; king arthur;
the brochure series of architectural illustration
a journal of the disasters in affghanistan 1841-2 by florentia sale
a chance for himself by j. t. trowbridge
tuzuk-i-jahangiri: or memoirs of jahangir vol. 2 of 2
mrs. craddock by w. somerset maugham
joseph conrad by hugh walpole
bessie in the city by joanna mathews
the brochure series of architectural illustration
iberia won by terence mcmahon hughes
a complete list of the s. & c. series of books by
bible characters by dwight lyman moody t. de witt talmage
fairy realm by tom hood
mrs. beeton's dictionary of every-day cookery by isabella mary beeton
the cottage on the fells by henry de vere stacpoole
how to do mechanical tricks by a. anderson
stories and sketches by various
dealing in futures by harold brighouse
a history of parliamentary elections and electioneering
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 31 january 30 1841 by various
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 06 june 1878 by various
satiro-mastix by thomas dekker
witchcraft and superstitious record in the south-western
wessex by charles g. harper
first love vol. 2 of 3 by margracia loudon
the royal pastime of cock-fighting by robert howlett
according to plato by frank frankfort moore
the book of cats by charles h. ross
american missionary vol. xxxiv no. 5 may 1880 by various
fire-making apparatus by walter hough
the study of astronomy by john stedman
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 8 august 22 1840 by various
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1005 april 1 1899 by various
light come light go by ralph nevill
beautiful wales by edward thomas
maiolica by charles drury edward fortnum
the turnpike house by fergus hume
history of the royal regiment of artillery vol. 1 by francis duncan
the fortunes of hector o'halloran and his man
inducements to the colored people of the united states
the gospel of slavery by iron gray
letters from switzerland by samuel irenaeus prime
the nakimu caves by anonymous
smoking and drinking by james parton
sailor and beachcomber by arnold safroni-middleton
the standard lighting company catalogue for 1901 by standard lighting
national geographic magazine vol. 1 no. 4 october 1889 by various
autumn impressions of the gironde by isabel giberne sieveking
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 4 april 1850 by various
the panama canal by harry clow boardman
poems in prose by charles baudelaire
hospital transports by frederick law olmsted
the old east indiamen by edward keble chatterton
roster and statistical record of company d of the eleventh
where your treasure is by holman day
alone by marion harland
the revolutions of portugal by abbot de vertot
the vigil of brunhild by frederic manning
a 'bawl' for american cricket by jones wister
the life and letters of ogier ghiselin de busbecq vol. 1 of 2
neighbours on the green; my faithful johnny by mrs. oliphant
the history of the twenty-ninth regiment of massachusetts
asiatic cholera by elijah whitney and a. b. whitney
the american prisoner by eden phillpotts
how to be a man by harvey newcomb
protection and communism by frdric bastiat
harrington: a story of true love by william douglas o'connor
ignorant essays by richard dowling
the magic house and other poems by duncan campbell scott
chronicles of enguerrand de monstrelet vol. 3 of 13
life of sir william wallace of elderslie vol 2 of 2
the third circle by frank norris
the works of francis maitland balfour volume iii of 4
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 48 may 29 1841 by various
the ancient bronze implements weapons and ornaments
the achievement of the british navy in the world-war by john leyland
the delectable mountains by arthur colton
convict life at the minnesota state prison
peter parley's own story by samuel g. goodrich
motor matt's defiance by stanley r. matthews
the brochure series of architectural illustration
bentley's miscellany volume i by various
the story of westminster abbey by violet brooke-hunt
autobiography of a female slave by martha griffith browne
the story of a fierce bad rabbit by beatrix potter
the southern states march 1894 by various
sarita the carlist by arthur w. marchmont
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
strong and steady by horatio alger
graham's magazine vol. xxxvii no. 6 december 1850 by various
the smuggler chief by gustave aimard
inmates of my house and garden by eliaz brightwen
the history of mary i queen of england by jean mary stone
the burning secret by stefan zweig
the insurgent chief by gustave aimard
monica volume 1 of 3 by evelyn everett-green
the three miss kings by ada cambridge
the land of bondage by john bloundelle-burton
oxford by robert peel and h. c. minchin
the earl of beaconsfield by james anthony froude
an unsentimental journey through cornwall by dinah maria craik
ludwig the second by clara tschudi
our monthly devotions by albert a. lings
a handbook of pictorial history by henry w. donald
the life of voltaire by s. g. tallentyre
the kiss and its history by kristoffer nyrop
german barbarism by lon maccas
lucerne by george flemwell
melmoth the wanderer vol. 2 of 4 by charles robert maturin
the comic adventures of old mother hubbard and her dog
fresh leaves by fanny fern
records of steam boiler explosions by edward bindon marten
how to do chemical tricks by a. anderson
the story of beowulf by unknown
origin myths among the mountain peoples of the philippines
the gods of the north by adam oehlenschlger
motor matt; or the king of the wheel by stanley r. matthews
the mysteries of london vol. 1 of 4 by george w. m. reynolds
five years' explorations at thebes by george edward
colin clink volume i of iii by charles hooton
franciscus columna by charles nodier
flowers of the sky by richard a. proctor
fair haven and foul strand by august strindberg
discovery of the yosemite by lafayette houghton bunnell
the elements of child-protection by sigmund engel
practical stair building and handrailing by w. h. wood
on horseback through asia minor vol. 1 of 2 by fred burnaby
the economy of workshop mainipulation by j. richards
paper currency of england dispassionately considered by john haslam
helpful visions by j. l. kennon ben e. rich thomas a. shreeve
collected works of william hazlitt vol. 1 of 12
the american missionary volume 36 no. 8 august 1882 by various
mr punch's animal land by e. t. reed
mr. punch's dramatic sequels by st. john hankin
stephen h. branch's alligator vol. 1 no. 20
a catalogue of new books and new editions 1896 by bliss
droll stories of isthmian life by evelyn saxton
the american missionary volume 41 no. 5 may 1887 by various
a history of booksellers the old and the new by henry curwen
frederic chopin vol ii (of 2) by moritz karasowski
scriptures able to make us wise unto salvation by francis h. berrick
beaumont & fletcher's works vol. 7 of 10 by francis beaumont
memoirs of the marchioness of pompadour vol. 1 of 2
hildebrand by anonymous
simla village tales by alice elizabeth dracott
the mentor: russian music vol. 4 no. 18 serial no. 118
the life of the moselle by octavius rooke
poems by thomas hall shastid
jewellery by h. clifford smith
up the country by emily eden
ruby roland the girl spy by frederick whittaker
half-hours with the highwaymen vol. 2 by charles g. harper
the strange voyage and adventures of domingo gonsales
the popular religion and folk-lore of northern india
a translation of octavia a latin tragedy with notes
buffon's natural history volume vii of 10 by georges louis leclerc
hours of exercise in the alps by john tyndall
chambers's journal of popular literature science
bayou folk by kate chopin
the camp fire girls by howard roger garis
king country; or explorations in new zealand by j. h. kerry-nicholls
women and economics by charlotte perkins gilman
motor matt's clue by stanley r. matthews
the adventures of a suburbanite by ellis parker butler
church and nation by william temple
monograph on the sub-class cirripedia volume 2 of 2 by charles darwin
charles bradlaugh: a record of his life and work volume i of 2
a naval expositior by thomas riley blanckley
traits of american humour vol. 1 of 3 by various
zones of the spirit by august strindberg
stronghand by gustave aimard
rodin: the man and his art by judith cladel
mr. punch's book of sport by various
dictionary of quotations from ancient and modern
lorenzo de' medici the magnificent vol. 2 of 2 by alfred von reumont
dante rossetti and the pre-raphaelite movement by esther wood
gleanings from the works of george fox by
adventures of the ojibbeway and ioway indians in england
when we were strolling players in the east by louise jordan miln
round the sofa vol. 2 by elizabeth c. gaskell
a serious proposal to the ladies for the advancement of their
the english rogue: continued in the life of meriton latroon
the senator's favorite by mrs. alex. mcveigh miller
lancashire songs by edwin waugh
on the construction of a sivered glass telescope by henry draper
the blue poetry book by various
the cruise of the midge vol. ii of 2 by michael scott
man and his migrations by r. g. (robert gordon) latham
the burning wheel by aldous huxley
little lord fauntleroy (abridged) by frances hodgson burnett
the lost army by thomas w. knox
what does history teach? by john stuart blackie
a schoolmaster's diary by stuart petre brodie mais
the merry andrew by anonymous
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the murder of delicia by marie corelli
a history of the peninsular war vol. 4 by charles oman
the collector by henry t. tuckerman
poems on slavery by henry wadsworth longfellow
bothwell volume 2 of 3 by james grant
a middy's recollections 1853-1860 by victor alexander montagu
life of napoleon bonaparte vol. 3 by sir walter scott
the american missionary vol. 41 no. 4 april 1887 by various
a manual of conchology by thomas wyatt
belgium by george w. t. omond
iconoclasts by james huneker
travels in brazil by henry koster
a woman's philosophy of woman by jenny p. d'hricourt
placid pug and other rhymes by alfred douglas
the alhambra by washington irving
palace and hovel by daniel joseph kirwan
the greek romances of heliodorus longus and achilles tatius
the making of species by douglas dewar and frank finn
the young housekeeper's friend by mary hooker cornelius
our knowledge box by geo. blackie
peeps at royal palaces of great britain by beatrice home
picture-writing of the american indians by garrick mallery
scientific american supplement no. 467 december 13 1884 by various
encyclopedist of the dark ages: isidore of seville by ernest brehaut
the story of napoleon by harold f. b. wheeler
homes and careers in canada by harry jeffs
letters to persons who are engaged in domestic service
'neath verdun august-october 1914 by maurice genevoix
pennsylvania dutch by s. s. haldeman
buell hampton by willis george emerson
those other animals by g. a. henty
the athelings vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the remarkable history of the hudson's bay company by george bryce
studies on homer and the homeric age vol. 3 of 3 by w. e. gladstone
profitable instruction of the perfite ordering of bees by thomas hyll
savage island by basil c. thomson
te tohunga by wilhelm dittmer
cambridge papers by walter william rouse ball
asce 1190 the valuation of public service corporation property
john herring vol. 3 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
recollections of a policeman by william russell
one touch of nature by benjamin webster
strange stories from a chinese studio (vols. i and ii) by songling pu
choffard by vera salomons
the health master by samuel hopkins adams
oration on charles sumner addressed to colored people by anonymous
three years' wanderings in the northern provinces of china
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 6 june 1850 by various
oliver twist vol. i of 3 by charles dickens
cave hunting by william boyd dawkins
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science and art by various
public and private life of animals by j. thomson
abc of the steel square and its uses by fred t. hodgson
sport in abyssinia by dermot mayo
helen ford by horatio alger jr.
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 19 november 7 1840 by various
across iceland by william bisiker
the buccaneer chief by gustave aimard
a comprehensive guide-book to natural hygienic and humane
frank reade jr. fighting the terror of the coast by luis senarens
the geography of strabo volume i of 3 by strabo
odd volume by various
remedia a moris or the remedy of love by ovid
eskimo life by fridtjof nansen
a monograph of odontoglossum by james bateman
chats on angling by h. v. hart-davis
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 4 of 8
the story of the british army by c. cooper king
tour in england ireland and france in the years 1826
the campaign round liege by j. m. kennedy
old friends at cambridge and elsewhere by j. willis clark
a treatise on hat-making and felting by john thomson
the american missionary vol. 33 no. 8 august 1879 by various
sketches of st. augustine by r. k. sewall
the black lion inn by alfred henry lewis
kew gardens by a. r. hope moncrieff
'wanted a young lady' by william e. suter
onesimus by edwin abbott abbott
personal sketches of his own times vol. 3 of 3 by jonah barrington
lightning rod conference by c. brooke prof. lewis
report on the radiolaria collected by h.m.s. challenger during the
sylvie and bruno by lewis carroll
the subterranean world by george hartwig
the art of horse-shoeing by william hunting
the oxonian in thelemarken vol. 1 of 2 by frederick metcalfe
the rmyana volume 2 by valmiki
canada and the british immigrant by emily p. weaver
the works of henry fielding; vol. xi by henry fielding
the 'characters' of jean de la bruyre by jean de la bruyre
a sister of the red cross by mrs. l. t. meade
the butterflies of the british isles by richard south
our standard-bearer by oliver optic
guild court by george macdonald
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 987 november 26 1898 by various
the diggings the bush and melbourne by james armour
a book of north wales by sabine baring-gould
the boy in the bush by richard rowe
chats on autographs by alexander meyrick broadley
the bachelor's own book by george cruikshank
miss beecher's domestic receipt book by catherine beecher
essays in librarianship and bibliography by richard garnett
economic sophisms by frdric bastiat
the mirror of alchimy by roger bacon
the christian mythology by brigham leatherbee
cornish saints and sinners by j. henry harris
silverspur by edward willett
punch and judy by willliam j. judd
the lake dwellings of ireland by w. g. wood-martin
stella maris by william j. locke
mother's dream and other poems by hannah f. gould
oratory sacred and secular by william pittenger
trafalgar by benito prez galds
the sinn fein rebellion as i saw it by mrs. hamilton norway
mamie's watchword by joanna hooe mathews
pictorial field-book of the revolution vol. 2 of 2
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
in the wonderful land of hez by cornelius shea
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. 5 of 9 by thomas jefferson
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 51 june 19 1841 by various
the king's scapegoat by hamilton drummond
the revolt of man by walter besant
diary of richard cocks vol. i by richard cocks
the thoughts of blaise pascal by blaise pascal
leaves from my journal by wilford woodruff
the life of general garibaldi by giuseppe garibaldi
children of the dear cotswolds by l. allen harker
the admiral by douglas sladen
a biography of the signers of the declaration of independence
five little bush girls by e. lee ryan
my pretty scrap-book by mrs. george cupples
pigments paint and painting by george terry
the eighteen christian centuries by james white
the royal observatory greenwich by edwared walter maunder
paris nights by arnold bennett
the london medical gazette; december 27 1828 by various
the molecular tactics of a crystal by lord kelvin
a mock idyl by percy ross
with the scottish regiments at the front by evelyn charles vivian
thirty years' view vol. i of 2 by thomas hart benton
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the man with a secret by fergus hume
under lock and key volume 3 of 3 by t. w. speight
a hardy norseman by edna lyall
the engineer's sketch-book by thomas walker barber
chambers's journal of popular literature science
a boy in the peninsula war by robert blakeney
an examination of weismannism by george john romanes
indian palmistry by mrs. j. b. dale
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 9 august 29 1840 by various
the night club by herbert jenkins
the sanitary evolution of london by henry lorenzo jephson
last of the incas by gustave aimard
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 65 no. 399
the development of certain tendencies in modern opera
the british army from within by evelyn charles vivian
oliver twist vol. iii of 3 by charles dickens
the santa claus' book of games and puzzles by john h. tingley
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
a book of porcelain by bernard rackham
peter parley's visit to london by peter parley
personal recollections and civil war diary 1864
italian alps by douglas william freshfield
derelicts by william j. locke
elements of physiophilosophy by lorenz oken
a memoir of transactions that took place in st. domingo
causes of the successes of the ottoman turks
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 3 november 1834 by various
a complete dictionary of synonyms and antonyms by samuel fallows
sam lawson's oldtown fireside stories by harriet beecher stowe
the old dominion by george payne rainsford james
jungle folk by douglas dewar
gunnery in 1858 by william greener
historical record of the 4th or the king's own regiment
london signs and inscriptions by philip norman
on the philosophy of discovery chapters historical andcritical
scottish poetry of the sixteenth century by various
the american missionary volume 35 no. 4 april 1881 by various
john leech's pictures of life and character volume 1 of 3
indian biography; vol. 1 of 2 by b. b. thatcher
the strand magazine by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the paston letters edited by james gairdner
wounded and a prisoner of war by malcolm v. hay
a history of postal agitation from fifty years ago
the robber baron of bedford castle by e. e. cuthell and a. j. foster
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 984 november 5 1898 by various
piece goods manual by a. e. blanco
short and sweet by adolphus charles troughton
the mikado jewel by fergus hume
hints on cheese-making by thomas day curtis
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 2 december 1883
cousin lucy's conversations by jacob abbott
the practical astronomer by thomas dick
life of napoleon bonaparte vol. 5 by sir walter scott
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 30 january 23 1841 by various
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1003 march 18 1899 by various
escape from the confederacy by benjamin f. hasson
at his gates vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 3 december 1884
the lost atlantis and other ethnographic studies by daniel wilson
the russian advance by marr murray
the ballad of ensign joy by e.w. hornung
after icebergs with a painter by louis legrand noble
eclectic magazine of foreign literature science and art by various
national geographic magazine vol. 1 no. 3 july 1889 by various
society in america vol. 2 of 2 by harriet martineau
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 no. 381 july 1847
the princess tarakanova by g. p. danilevski
a man: his mark by w. c. morrow
illuminated manuscripts in classical and mediaeval times
wide world magazine vol. 22 no. 132 march 1909 by various
the heart of penelope by marie belloc lowndes
george buchanan by robert wallace and j. campbell smith
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 39 march 27 1841 by various
the preservation of antiquities by friedrich rathgen
the saturday magazine no. 66 july 1833 by various
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 10 june 1835 by various
that pup by ellis parker butler
history of company k of the 140th regiment pennsylvania volunteers
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 37 march 13 1841 by various
tales of my time vol. 1 of 3 by william pitt scargill
known to the police by thomas holmes
the lame lover by samuel foote
fanny's first novel by frank frankfort moore
titian by samuel levy bensusan
mother goose for grown folks by mrs. a. d. t. whitney
the story of the alphabet by edward clodd
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the life and times of george villiers duke of buckingham
epics and romances of the middle ages by wilhelm wgner
a rose in june by mrs. oliphant
the anabasis of alexander by arrian of nicomedia
barracks bivouacs and battles by archibald forbes
an account of the life and writings of s. irenaeus
a treatise of cleanness in meats and drinks
connected poems by charles seabridge
historical record of the sixth by richard cannon
landed gentry by w. somerset maugham
paul rundel by will n. harben
the centenary garland by anonymous
a sketch of how the diamond anthem was sung around the world
solitude by johann georg zimmermann
chambers's journal of popular literature science
beadle's dime song book no. 4 by various
days in the open by lathan a. crandall
portraits of children of the mobility by percival leigh
round cape horn by joseph lamson
truth by mile zola
the confessions of a daddy by ellis parker butler
how to be a detective by old king brady
explanatory notes of a pack of cavalier playing cards
basutoland by minnie martin
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the making of a bigot by rose macaulay
two years and four months in a lunatic asylum by hiram chase
sir joshua reynolds' discourses by sir joshua reynolds
with wellington in spain by f. s. brereton
st. martin's eve by mrs. henry wood
where science and religion meet by william scott palmer
shavings & scrapes from many parts by jules joubert
the english rogue: continued in the life of meriton latroon
the abysmal brute by jack london
servetus and calvin by robert willis
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 september 21 1895 by various
the danes in lancashire and yorkshire by s. w. partington
the fortune of the landrays by vaughn kester
the yule log. by anonymous
picture posters by charles hiatt
married life by john baldwin buckstone
the youngest sister by bessie marchant
the history of the lives and bloody exploits of the most noted
the quakers past and present by dorothy m. richardson
poems by frederic manning
woman and her wits by g. f. monkshood
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 47 may 22 1841 by various
in the misty seas by harold bindloss
the court of philip iv by martin hume
in wildest africa volume 1 of 2 by carl georg schilling
the pacification of burma by sir charles haukes todd crosthwaite
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 46 may 15 1841 by various
the wooden hand by fergus hume
the english flower garden by henry arthur bright
curiosities of ale & beer: an entertaining history by john bickerdyke
british sea birds by charles dixon
animal parasites and messmates by p. j. van beneden
in the ypres salient by beckles willson
the strange schemes of randolph mason by melville davisson post
forged egyptian antiquities by t. g. wakeling
comedies and errors by henry harland
a dangerous flirtation by laura jean libbey
cassell's book of birds vol. 2 of 4 by alfred edmund brehm
death the knight and the lady by henry de vere stacpoole
historical record of the fourteenth or the buckinghamshireregiment
bamboo considered as a paper-making material by thomas routledge
through portugal by martin hume
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 july 20 1895 by various
the book of husbandry by anthony fitzherbert
the war in syria vol. 1 of 2 by charles napier
the exclusives vol. 3 of 3 by charlotte campbell bury
memoirs of the empress catherine ii by catherine ii
the dawn of the 19th century in england by john ashton
new england historical and genealogical register vol. 1 by various
a treasury of canadian verse with brief biographical notes
greece by j. a. mcclymont
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 71 no. 437 march 1852 by various
the king behind the king by warwick deeping
an account of the sore throat attended with ulcers by john fothergill
the women of mormondom by edward w. tullidge
glass by edward dillon
camperdown by mary griffith
the tower of london by william harrison ainsworth
a noble queen (volume i of 3) by philip meadows taylor
chambers's journal of popular literature science
george in camp by harry castlemon
chronicles of london bridge by richard thompson
biography and family record of lorenzo snow by eliza r. snow smith
chap-book stories by various
the cricket of abel hirst and shrewsbury by various
the caillaux drama by john nathan raphael
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 october 5 1895 by various
a history of the coldstream guards from 1815 to 1895
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 5 november 1837 by various
secrets of the late rebellion by j. r. freese
the naturalist's repository volume 1 of 5 by e. donovan
a brief sketch of the long and varied career of marshall macdermott
lilliput lyrics by w. b. rands
a treatise on the origin progress prevention and cure
twenty-two goblins by arthur w. ryder
the orkneyinga saga by anonymous
the strand magazine volume vii issue 42 june 1894 by various
myths of the cherokee by james mooney
colonization and christianity by william howitt
thorley weir by edward benson
the american missionary volume 36 no. 5 may 1882 by various
the wonderful garden by edith nesbit
the boys book of industrial information by elisha noyce
happy england by marcus b. huish
the little girl's sewing book by various
the old inns of old england volume ii (of 2) by charles g. harper
bothwell volume 3 of 3 by james grant
dutch bulbs and gardens by una silberrad and sophie lyall
the history of chemistry vol. 2 of 2 by thomas thomson
the eve of the reformation by francis aidan gasquet
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 5 may 1847 by various
vestiges of the supremacy of mercia in the south of england
the story of joan of arc by andrew lang
the romance of a shop by amy levy
motor matt's red flyer or on the high gear by stanley r. matthews
the works of john dryden vol. 10 of 18
frank nelson in the forecastle by harry castlemon
tobacco and alcohol by john fiske
troy and its remains by henry schliemann
the evening hours by mile verhaeren
shakespeare's comedy of the tempest by william shakespeare
the popular religion and folk-lore of northern india
the maya indians of southern yucatan and northern british
superior fishing by robert barnwell roosevelt
spies and secret service by hamil grant
mademoiselle miss and other stories by henry harland
the truth about german atrocities by anonymous
harry coverdale's courtship and all that came of it
secret service under pitt by william john fitzpatrick
an apology for the life of mr. colley cibber volume ii (of 2)
the relentless city by edward frederic benson
a london plane-tree and other verse by amy levy
such is life by frank wedekind
twenty-six years reminiscences of scotch grouse moors
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the ivory workers of the middle ages by anna maria cust
oliver twist illustrated by charles dickens
the girl's own paper vol. xx no. 995 january 21 1899 by various
the russian ballet by ellen terry
the rivers of great britain: rivers of the east coast by various
a history of advertising by henry sampson
the underground railroad from slavery to freedom by wilbur h. siebert
the younger sister vol. 2 by catherine anne austen hubback
john leech's pictures of life and character volume i of iii
ten tudor statesmen by arthur d. innes
notes of a journey on the upper mekong siam by h. warington smyth
narrative of the voyages and services of the nemesis from 1840
a garden diary by emily lawless
the american missionary volume 34 no. 2 february 1880 by various
the adventures of peter cottontail by thornton w. burgess
the story of the britannia by e. p. statham
chats on old miniatures by j. j. foster
frank reade jr.'s air wonder the kite; or a six
observations on the diseases of seamen by gilbert blane
a son of mars by arthur griffiths
preston fight by william harrison ainsworth
fun o' the forge by brian o'higgins
verdi: man and musician by frederick james crowest
the beggar's purse by samuel hopkins adams
princess badoura by laurence housman
the american missionary volume 36 no. 2 february 1882 by various
historical record of the twelfth or the east suffolk
an old new zealander by t. lindsay buick
nine unlikely tales by e. nesbit
daughters of belgravia vol. 1 of 3 by mrs. alexander fraser
mr. punch in wig and gown by various
giacomo puccini by wakeling dry
holinshed chronicles volume i complete by raphaell holinshed
the jack-knife man by ellis parker butler
experiments and observations tending to illustrate the nature
motor tours in wales & the border counties by mrs. rodolph stawell
a manual of ancient history by m. e. thalheimer
hector graeme by evelyn brentwood
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 16 october 17 1840 by various
reminiscences of prince talleyrand vol. 1 of 2 by douard colmache
old continental towns by walter m. gallichan
canada in flanders volume ii of 3 by lord max aitken beaverbrook
early days in fort worth by b. b. paddock
the arctic whaleman by lewis holmes
the royal institution by bence jones
an introduction to the study of the maya hieroglyphs
the orchid album volume 1 by robert warner
the incubator baby by ellis parker butler
the wreck of the grosvenor volume 1 of 3 by william clark russell
la gaviota by fernan caballero
the apostles by ernest renan
life and times of cleopatra queen of egypt
rambles on railways by cusack patrick roney
torrey's narrative by william torrey
a georgian pageant by frank frankfort moore
coaching days & ways by e. d. (edward william dirom) cuming
the cruise of the violetta by arthur colton
the london burial grounds by isabella m. holmes
cradock nowell vol. 3 of 3 by richard doddridge blackmore
sound by john tyndall
nooks and corners by jane ellen panton
the knickerbocker vol. 22 no. 4 october 1843 by various
foods and culinary utensils of the ancients by charles martyn
the new century standard letter-writer by alfred b. chambers
motor matt's race by stanley r. matthews
personal record of the thirteenth regiment tennessee infantry
medical jurisprudence as it relates to insanity
elementary instruction in the art of illuminating and
the queen who flew by ford hueffer
the american joe miller by various
grania the story of an island vol. 1 of 2 by emily lawless
natural history of enthusiasm by isaac taylor
retained for the defence by john oxenford
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 29 january 16 1841 by various
her benny by silas kitto hocking
earliest years at vassar by frances a. wood
the great victory--its cost and its value by martin russell thayer
the hand phrenologically considered by anonymous
the young deliverers of pleasant cove by elijah kellogg
pictures of hellas by peder mariager
report on the radiolaria collected by h.m.s. challenger during the
heart songs by jean blewett
at the sign of the silver flagon by b. l. farjeon
house by the-medlar-tree by giovanni verga
the road to the open by arthur schnitzler
female warriors vol. i (of 2) by ellen c. clayton
the andalusian knitting and netting book
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the house on the moor volume 2 of 3 by mrs. oliphant
unitarianism defended by john hamilton thom james martineau
the country's need of greater railway facilities and terminals
big game shooting vol. 1 of 2 by clive phillipps-wolley
colouration in animals and plants by alfred tylor
cassell's book of in-door amusements card games
charles baudelaire his life by thophile gautier
the war in syria volume 2 of 2 by charles napier
no cross no crown by william penn
an abstract of the proceedings of the select committee of the house
theism and humanism by arthur james balfour
the overland route to the road of a thousand wonders by anonymous
a diary kept by mrs. r. c. germon at lucknow between the
the expositor's bible: the book of deuteronomy by andrew harper
history of biology by louis compton miall
a group of eastern romances and stories from the persian
through the sikh war by g. a. henty
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 1 august 1834 by various
the manufacture of paper by robert walter sindall
the knickerbocker vol. 22 no. 3 september 1843 by various
the story of majorca and minorca by clements r. markham
robert greene by robert greene
the american missionary vol. 36 no. 6 june 1882 by various
by far euphrates by deborah alcock
rivers of great britain. the thames from source to sea by anonymous
tinman by tom gallon
up in maine by holman f. day
adventures in holland and at waterloo; and an expedition to portugal
reports relating to the sanitary condition of the city of london
the fall river tragedy by edwin h. porter
a practical treatise on gas-light by fredrick accum
young lord stranleigh by robert barr
bygone berkshire by various
manual for the solution of military ciphers by parker hitt
why frau fromann raised her prices and other stories anthony trollope
annals anecdotes and legends by john francis
the works of the emperor julian vol. 1 of 2 by julian
verses by edith wharton
how to settle accounts with your laundress by j. stirling coyne
history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
the vagrancy problem by william harbutt dawson
lost in the atlantic valley by luis senarens
buffon's natural history volume vi of 10 by georges louis leclerc
the amethyst cross by fergus hume
the swamp doctor's adventures in the south-west by john robb
illustrated horse breaking by matthew horace hayes
the ancient cities of the new world by dsir charnay
our eternity by maurice maeterlinck
rambles in yucatan by b. m. norman
books worth reading by greening & co
cremation of the dead by william eassie
rambles in cuba by anonymous
in the levant by charles dudley warner
wild sports in the far west by frederick gerstaecker
how to make and set traps by j. harrington keene
gombo zhbes by lafcadio hearn
adventures with the connaught rangers 1809-1814 by william grattan
bessie on her travels by joanna h. mathews
the shakespeare-expositor: an aid to the perfect understanding
the curse of kehama volume 1 of 2 by robert southey
hesper the home-spirit by elizabeth doten
two voyages to new south wales and van diemen's land by thomas reid
all sorts and conditions of men by walter besant and james rice
lady jane grey and her times by ida ashworth taylor
john inglesant volume i of 2 by joseph henry shorthouse
men we meet in the field by a. g. bagot
women in english life from medival to modern times vol. 1
fossil butterflies by samuel h. scudder
stories from wagner by j. walker mcspadden
a graduated english-welsh spelling book by john lewis
military service and adventures in the far east vol. 2 of 2
index for works of holman day
the netherworld of mendip by ernest a. baker and herbert e. balch
historical record of the seventeenth or the leicestershire regiment
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 44 may 1 1841 by various
the story of blue-beard by charles perrault
the philosophy of mystery by walter cooper dendy
the american bee journal vol. 6 number 4 october 1870 by various
a son of mars by arthur griffiths
the dardanelles by norman wilkinson
dealings with the inquisition by giacinto achilli
goslings by j. d. beresford
travels to discover the source of the nile. volume 3 by james bruce
the comic english grammar by unknown
the hammer by alfred john church and richmond seeley
exiles by james joyce
the history of the 2nd dragoons 'royal scots greys' by edward almack
the life of sir humphrey davy bart. ll.d. volume 2 of 2
anno domini 2000; or woman's destiny by julius vogel
fifteen days by mary lowell putnam
songs of the sea and lays of the land by charles godfrey leland
the works of john dryden vol. 18 of 18
shall turkey live or die? by thomas carlyle
american scenery vol. 2 of 2 by nathaniel parker willis
a butterfly chase by p. j. stahl
the islam of mohamed by salahuddin khuda bukhsh
points of humour part ii of ii by anonymous
motor matt's air ship by stanley r. matthews
submarines mines and torpedoes in the war
introduction to the study of palaeontological botany
cotton weaving and designing by john t. taylor
a treatise upon the law of copyright in the united kingdom and
dame trot and her cat by anonymous
tales from the telling-house by r. d. blackmore
hawk's nest or the last of the cahoonshees by james m. allerton
the feather by ford h. madox hueffer
england and yesterday by louise imogen guiney
valerius by john gibson lockhart
the scape-goat by john poole
a history of architecture in all countries volume 2 3rd ed.
the american missionary volume 41 no. 6 june 1887 by various
the babes in the basket by sarah s. baker
kate vernon vol. 1 of 3 by mrs. alexander
british bees by william edward shuckard
armenia vol. 2 of 2 by h. f. b. lynch
mazeppa by fred whishaw
the elm-tree on the mall by anatole france
captain cuellar's adventures in connaught & ulster a.d.1588
the knickerbocker vol. 22 no. 5 november 1843 by various
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 10 july 1883
michael faraday by walter jerrold
mail carrying railways underpaid by committee on railway mail pay
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 24 december 12 1840 by various
a parisian sultana vol. 1 of 3 by adolphe belot
the invaders and other stories by leo tolstoy
elements of criticism volume 2 by henry home
dotty dimple at school by sophie may
the american missionary volume 35 no. 6 june 1881 by various
the gayton scholarship by herbert hayens
sonnets and poems by eleanor farjeon
kelly of the foreign legion by russell a. kelly
modernities by horace barnett samuel
japanese plays and playfellows by osman edwards
the brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 6
the tower menagerie by edward turner bennett
a dead reckoning by t. w. speight
the writings of thomas jefferson volume 2 of 9 by thomas jefferson
recollections of a military life by general sir john adye
an account of the danes and norwegians in england scotland
anne hereford by mrs. henry wood
ski-running by somerville by david m. m. chrichton somerville
the mentor vol. 1 no. 45 december 22 1913: makers of american art
armenia travels and studies vol. 1 of 2 by h. f. b. lynch
capitals of the northlands by ian c. hannah
jones of the 64th by frederick sadleir brereton
a guide to the exhibition of english medals by herbert a. grueber
dean of lismore's book by various
kaffir kangaroo klondike by thaddeus william henry leavitt
chambers's journal of popular literature science
shakespeare and the stage by maurice jonas
chambers's journal of popular literature science
frontier ballads by joseph mills hanson
tales and legends of the tyrol by a. von gnther
on growth and form by d'arcy wentworth thompson
the rocket by h. c. knight
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
lord palmerston by anthony trollope
the man in black by george payne rainsford james
birds and all nature vol. iv no. 5 november 1898 by various
the younger sister volumes 1-3 by catherine anne austen hubback
a treatise on gunshot wounds by thomas longmore
seeing and hearing by george w. e. russell
british regiments at the front the story of their battle
what every girl should know by margaret h. sanger
back home by irvin s. cobb
under the flag of france by david ker
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 43 april 24 1841 by various
life of richard trevithick volume ii of 2 by francis trevithick
photo-lithography by georg fritz
russian memories by olga novikoff
round the sofa vol. 1 by elizabeth c. gaskell
lord lawrence by richard temple
a list of books published by chatto and windus october 1892
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the black eagle by george payne rainsford james
the slav nations by srgjan pl. tucic
the silver bullet by fergus hume
the puzzle king by john scott
my memoirs vol. 6 1832-1833 by alexandre dumas
for faith and freedom by walter besant
the square jaw by henry ruffin and andr tudesq
merrie england in the olden time vol. 1 of 2 by george daniel
the storehouses of the king by jane van gelder
novum organum by francis bacon
a corner of spain by walter wood
in byways of scottish history by louis a. barb
the races of man by joseph deniker
through the south seas with jack london by martin johnson
john black the apostle of the red river by george bryce
catlin's historic origin of the playing cards by h. d. catlin
jane austen and her country-house comedy by w. h. helm
mrs. dot by w. somerset maugham
a hand-book to the primates volume 1 of 2 by henry o. forbes
malaeska by ann s. stephens
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 69 no. 424
woman in sacred history by harriet beecher stowe
anne of geierstein by walter scott
letters from the alleghany mountains by charles lanman
birds illustrated by color photography vol 3. no 5 by various
british and foreign arms and armour by charles henry ashdown
on the iron at big cloud by frank l. packard
dartmoor by arthur l. salmon
the road of a thousand wonders by the southern pacific company
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 7 july 1878 by various
the death ship vol. 3 of 3 by w. clark russell
macmillan & co.'s catalogue september 1874 by various
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
birds and all nature vol. iii no. 3 march 1898 by various
the war of quito by pedro de cieza de len
cranford by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
what was the religion of shakespeare? by m. m. mangasarian
the scouring of the white horse by thomas hughes
punch or the london charivari vol. 148 february 3 1915 by various
peeps at many lands: sweden by william liddle and mrs. liddle
the warfare of science by andrew dickson white
the sabbath-school index by richard gay pardee
the dances of death by john holbein
southerly busters by g. h. gibson
the pastor's fire-side vol. 4 of 4 by jane porter
george cruikshank's omnibus by george cruikshank
women of the american revolution vol. 1 of 2 by e. f. ellet
outline of the history of the english language and literature
the modes of origin of lowest organisms by h. charlton bastian
the vale of lyvennet by john salkeld bland
letters from spain by joseph blanco white
the life of josiah henson by josiah henson
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 5 february 1885
the girl's own paper vol. 20. no. 997 february 4 1899 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
delaware by george payne rainsford james
knots untied by george s. mcwatters
a visit to the mammoth cave of kentucky by john wilson
the old house and other tales by feodor sologub
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 52 june 26 1841 by various
the narrative of arthur gordon pym of nantucket
ecclesiastical vestments by r. a. s. macalister
the royal end by henry harland
main currents in nineteenth century literature 4
items on the priesthood presented to the latter-day saints
punch or the london charivari vol. 148 january 27 1915 by various
recollections of rifleman harris old 95th by benjamin harris
chats on postage stamps by frederick john melville
kobo by herbert strang
birds and all nature vol. 5 no. 2 february 1899 by various
peeps at many lands: portugal by agnes m. goodall
beach rambles in search of seaside pebbles and crystals
lay down your arms by bertha von suttner
account of the skeleton of the mammoth by rembrandt peale
the book of the feet by joseph sparkes hall
the blight of respectability by geoffrey mortimer
railway construction by william hemmingway mills
life of father ignatius of st. paul passionist
the myths of mexico & peru by lewis spence
personal sketches of his own times vol. 1 of 3 by jonah barrington
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 41 april 10 1841 by various
lincolniana by andrew adderup
ford of h.m.s. vigilant by t. t. jeans
history of the fifty-seventh regiment pennsylvania veteran
the raisin industry by gustav eisen
the wonderful stories of fuz-buz the fly and mother
the destruction of the greek empire and the story of the capture
dr. stearns's tour from london to paris by samuel stearns
the myth of the manuscript found by george reynolds
hesperothen; notes from the west vol. 1 (of 2) by w. h. russell
leather for libraries by e. wyndham hulme j. gordon parker
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 october 12 1895 by various
the gray scalp by edward willett
cunnie rabbit mr. spider and the other beef
the manuvring mother by charlotte campbell bury
beaumont & fletcher's works (1 through 5) by francis beaumont
brown of moukden by herbert strang
insect architecture by james rennie
three courses and a dessert by anonymous
the ghost world by thomas firminger thiselton dyer
report on the dominion government expedition to hudson bay and
the newspaper by george binney dibblee
cricket by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 august 17 1895 by various
tales of king arthur and the round table adapted from
ancient streets and homesteads of england by alfred rimmer
sanitary statistics of native colonial schools and hospitals
the nootka sound controversy by william ray manning
some irish yesterdays by e. oe. somerville and martin ross
seventeen years among the sea dyaks of borneo by edwin herbert gomes
experiments on the nervous system with opium and
the oxford book of ballads by various
useful knowledge vol. 2 vegetables by william bingley
the missouri outlaws by gustave aimard
english interference with irish industries by j. g. swift macneill
my 75 by paul lintier
the american missionary volume 34 no. 8 august 1880 by various
observations on the sermons of elias hicks by robert waln
doing and daring by eleanor stredder
chambers's journal of popular literature science
lustra of ezra pound by ezra pound
english law and the renaissance by frederic william maitland
kissing the rod vol. 3 of 3 by edmund yates
satan's invisible world displayed or despairing democracy w. t. stead
a history of the peninsula war vol. 1 1807-1809 by charles oman
lord roberts' message to the nation by earl roberts
comparative religion by j. estlin carpenter
a parody on iolanthe by d. dalziel
a year at the shore by philip henry gosse
the lushei kuki clans by john shakespear
english monasteries by alexander hamilton thompson
men and measures by edward nicholson
essays of an americanist by daniel g. brinton
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 998 february 11 1899 by various
a treatise on the esculent funguses of england by charles david badham
an english garner vol. 4 of 8 by various
a key to uncle tom's cabin by harriet beecher stowe
william caxton by e. gordon duff
lives of the saints volume ii of 16: february by sabine baring-gould
the days of chivalry by ernest louis victor jules l'epine
reptiles and birds by louis figuier
gorillas & chimpanzees by r. l. garner
the mediaeval mind (volume ii of ii) by henry osborn taylor
the sunshade by octave uzanne
the origin of vertebrates by walter holbrook gaskell
royalty in all ages by t. f. thiselton-dyer
joseph conrad by hugh walpole
journal of entomology and zoology march 1917 by various
secret inheritance volume 1 of 3 by benjamin leopold farjeon
ceremonies of the pomo indians by samuel alfred barrett
specimens of british trench orders by anonymous
satanella by g. j. whyte-melville and lucy e. kemp-welch
the writings of thomas jefferson vol. 9 of 9 by thomas jefferson
fables by sir ronald ross
history of spanish literature vol. 3 of 3 by george ticknor
a short discourse concerning pestilential contagion and
down south by lady duffus hardy
the north-west amazons by thomas whiffen
the little child's book of divinity by john ross macduff
strange stories from a chinese studio vol. ii (of 2) by songling pu
notes and queries for worcestershire by john noake
the eve of all-hallows vol. 3 of 3 by matthew weld hartstonge
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 7 by louis creswicke
the romance of a poor young man by octave feuillet
sussex gorse by sheila kaye-smith
the historical record of the fifth or princess charlotte
kissing the rod vol. 1 of 3 by edmund yates
buffon's natural history volume viii of 10 by georges louis leclerc
oxford poetry by various
main currents in nineteenth century literature vol. 2 of 6:
medical sketches of the expedition to egypt from india
how we robbed mexico in 1848 by robert h. howe
john holdsworth by william clark russell
the great galeoto; folly or saintliness by jos echegaray
the talisman by anonymous
the murray river by arthur kinloch
the glorious return by crona temple
the divining rod by charles latimer
an illustrated account of st. bartholomew's priory church
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 6 august 8 1840 by various
the diplomatists of europe by m. jean baptiste honor raymond capefigue
what every mother should know by margaret h. sanger
papuan pictures by henry moore dauncey
glass manufacture by walter rosenhain
trip to the sunny south in march 1885 by l. s. d
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the mentor vol. 1 no. 34 october 6 1913: game birds of america
the inner house by walter besant
a text-book of tanning by henry r. procter
three days in the village by leo tolstoy
universal brotherhood volume 13 no. 10 january 1899 by various
the land of promise by w. somerset maugham
physiology by m. foster
palestine by claude reignier conder
how to become an actor by aaron a. warford
bitter cry of outcast london by andrew mearns
camp court and siege by wickham hoffman
florizel's folly by john ashton
lightships and lighthouses by frederick a. talbot
the unbidden guest by ernest william hornung
the harmonicon by various
moral tales by madame guizot
devonshire characters and strange events by sabine baring-gould
the garden god by forrest reid
an essay on the incubus or night-mare by john bond
the sea-girt fortress by percy f. westerman
the christmas dream of little charles by justus starr redfield
india under ripon by wilfrid scawen blunt
memoir of the life and services of vice-admiral sir jahleel
early typography by william skeen
his little royal highness by ruth ogden
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 60 no. 374
writings of thomas jefferson volume 3 of 9
the gentle persuasion by alan gray
lancashire sketches by edwin waugh
the history and romance of crime: oriental prisons by arthur griffiths
wanderings in corsica vol. 2 of 2 by ferdinand gregorovius
the prude's progress by jerome k. jerome and eden phillpotts
under the white ensign by percy f. westerman
the hospital bulletin vol. 5 no. 3 may 15 1909 by various
the cleveland medical gazette vol. 1 no. 4 february 1886 by various
a parody on princess ida by d. dalziel
the sagamore of saco by mrs. e. oakes smith
the kansas university science bulletin vol. i no. 2
meteoric astronomy: by daniel kirkwood
the works of john dryden now first collected in eighteen volumes;
ye book of copperheads by anonymous
travelling sketches by anthony trollope
last words on evolution by ernst haeckel
nether lochaber by alexander stewart
born of the spirit by zenas osborne
thackerayana by william makepeace thackeray
the history of ink by thaddeus davids
little peter by lucas malet
travels in the interior of brazil by george gardner
little crumbs and other stories by anonymous
useful knowledge: minerals vol. 1 of 3 by william bingley
the story of milan by ella noyes
up terrapin river by opie p. read
the king's ring by zacharias topelius
the american missionary vol. 41 no. 2 february 1887 by various
the history of modern painting volume 1 (of 4) by richard muther
london at night by frederick carter
motor matt's launch by stanley r. matthews
jaufry the knight and the fair brunissende by mary lafon
bosambo of the river by edgar wallace
parlour magic by henry perkins
the sovereignty of the sea by thomas wemyss fulton
daphnis et chlo by longus
seeing the elephant by george melville baker
the invasion of 1910 by william le queux
letters from switzerland and travels in italy
the criminal & the community by james devon
memoirs of the marchioness of pompadour vol. 2 of 2
four hundred humorous illustrations vol 2 of 2 by george cruikshank
the american missionary volume 36 no. 10 october 1882 by various
wonderful escapes by frdric bernard
the romance of the harem by anna harriette leonowens
the constable de bourbon by william ainsworth
the battle-fields of ireland from 1688 to 1691 by john boyle
the blue and the gray by a. r. white
the cause of the charge of balaclava by thomas morley
plays vol. 1 by john vanbrugh
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 32 february 6 1841 by various
legends of lancashire by peter landreth
the coronado expedition 1540-1542 by george parker winship
a book of the west vol. 1 devon by s. baring-gould
the sorceress; vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
the forest farm by peter rosegger
a manual of the hand lathe by egbert pomeroy watson
all about battersea by henry s. simmonds
the american missionary volume 41 no. 1 january 1887 by various
the haslemere museum gazette vol. 1 no. 2 june 1906 by various
beaumont & fletcher's works vol. 4 of 10 by francis beaumont
beadle's dime book of practical etiquette for ladies and gentlemen
bertha's christmas vision: an autumn sheaf by horatio alger
tribal custom in anglo-saxon law by frederic seebohm
travels in the central parts of indo-china (siam) cambodia
the telephone by alexander graham bell
history of the settlement of upper canada (ontario) by william canniff
the mutable many by robert barr
report of the committee of fifteen by w. t. harris
st. bernard's by sculapius scalpel
the tatler vol. 4 by richard steele and joseph addison
geology and revelation by rev. gerald molloy and j. d. dana
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 8 may 1883
children's book of gardening by mrs. alfred sidgwick and mrs. paynter
graham's magazine vol. xli no. 6 december 1852 by various
the brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 6
what i saw in kaffir-land by stephen lakeman
jack the giant killer by percival leigh
slavery by william e. channing
orville southerland cox pioneer of 1847 by adelia b. cox sidwell
summer cruise in the mediterranean on board an american
the wonder child by ethel turner
the last days of mary stuart by samuel cowan
the transient lake by luis senarens
myth-land by f. edward hulme
the economical jewish cook by may henry and edith b. cohen
the knights of england france and scotland by henry william herbert
folk-lore and legends: russian and polish by charles john tibbits
the american missionary volume 36 no. 9 september 1882 by various
edmund dulac's picture-book for the french red cross by edmund dulac
the evolution of the idea of god by grant allen
imperial federation by george parkin
anglo-dutch rivalry during the first half of the
the piccadilly puzzle by fergus hume
wild margaret by geraldine fleming and charles garvice
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 25 december 19 1840 by various
president heber c. kimball's journal by heber c. kimball
oxford; a sketch-book by fred richards
john lackland by kate norgate
steam navigation and its relation to the commerce of canada
historical record of the tenth or the north lincolnshire
fundamental philosophy vol. 1 of 2 by jaime luciano balmes
birds and all nature vol. iv no. 3 september 1898 by various
hans holbein by arthur b. chamberlain
hereford by elizabeth w. grierson
the travels of pedro de cieza de lon a.d. 1532-50 contained in the
the chimney-corner by christopher crowfield and harriet beecher stowe
american missionary vol. 32 no. 9 september 1878 by various
board-work; by edwin creer
john silence physician extraordinary by algernon blackwood
clutterbuck's treasure by fred whishaw
tales from the works of g. a. henty
historical and descriptive narrative of twenty years' residence
the queen's favourite by eliza f. pollard
bill nye's red book by edgar wilson nye
the man of last resort by melville davisson post
the source and mode of solar energy throughout the universe
the story of my struggles: the memoirs of arminius vambry vol. 1 of 2
songs of love and empire by edith nesbit
a history of england period iii by rev. j. franck bright
tioba and other tales by arthur colton
names: and their meaning by leopold wagner
historical record of the seventh regiment or the royal fusiliers
a searchlight on germany: germany's blunders crimes
gothic architecture by douard corroyer
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 5 of 8
father clark by john mason peck
excursions in the mountains of ronda and granada with
birds of the wave and woodland by philip stewart robinson
anthony the absolute by samuel merwin
the grapes of new york by u. p. hedrick
physical amusements and diverting experiments by giuseppe pinetti
united states patent office application--
hogarth's works vol. 2 of 3 by john ireland and john nichols
the abbeys of great britain by h. claiborne dixon
on the development and distribution of primitive locks
history of geography by john scott keltie
a vision of venus by harry pleon
in sunny spain with pilarica and rafael by katharine lee bates
memoirs of the reign of king george the second
he's coming to-morrow by harriet beecher stowe
in the village of viger by duncan campbell scott
the expositor's bible: by alfred plummer
a day well spent by john oxenford
the commentaries of caesar by anthony trollope
soffrona and her cat muff by mary martha sherwood
canadian scenery vol. 1 of 2 by nathaniel parker willis
the american missionary volume 33 no. 7 july 1879 by various
the curse of kehama volume 2 of 2 by robert southey
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 03 march 1878 by various
dutch and flemish furniture by esther singleton
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 9 june 1884
the city of pleasure by arnold bennett
betrayed armenia by diana agabeg apcar
the american apiculturist. vol. 3 no. 6 june 15 1885 by various
the new england historical & genealogical register vol. i
diana trelawny by margaret oliphant
prisoner of the mill by harry hazelton
the mysteries of london vol. 2 of 4 by george w. m. reynolds
three years in the service by d. mccall
chambers's journal of popular literature science
one in a thousand by george payne rainsford james
climbing on the himalaya and other mountain ranges by norman collie
the knickerbocker vol. 22 no. 2 august 1843 by various
sir ian hamilton's despatches from the dardanelles etc.
mrs. hale's receipts for the million by sarah josepha hale
the exclusives vol 1 of 3 by charlotte campbell bury
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 20 november 14 1840 by various
the potter and the clay by arthur f. winnington ingram
indian currency and finance by john maynard keynes
a leisurely tour in england by james john hissey
the lily and the totem by william gilmore simms
the data of ethics by herbert spencer
southern literary messenger vol. 1. no. 2 october 1834 by various
history of the cathedral church of wells by edward a. freeman
the mermaid series. edited by h. ellis. the best plays of the
pleasant talk about fruits flowers and farming by henry ward beecher
arminell vol. 3 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
bennie ben cree by arthur colton
orkney and shetland folk 872-1350 by alfred wintle johnston
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
a summer's poems by f. j. lys
a collection of essays and fugitiv writings by noah webster
the mysteries of london vol. 4 of 4 by george w. m. reynolds
the sunken garden and other poems by walter de la mare
constantinople and the scenery of the seven churches
our sentimental garden by agnes sweetman castle and egerton castle
letters of john calvin volume i of 4 by jules bonnet
wayfaring men by edna lyall
fiue hundred pointes of good husbandrie by thomas tusser
rank and talent; a novel vol. 1 of 3 by william pitt scargill
some eminent women of our times by millicent fawcett
birds and nature vol. 9 no. 4 april 1901 by various
legendary yorkshire by frederick ross
the naturalist's library vol. 31 foreign butterflies
sir p.s.: his astrophel and stella by philip sidney
the story of my struggles: the memoirs of arminius vambry vol. 2 of 2
memoirs of miss sidney biddulph by frances sheridan
the dixie druggist may 1913 by anonymous
seth's brother's wife by harold frederic
agnes strickland's queens of england vol. ii of iii
colony treatment of the insane and other defectives
bygone scotland by david maxwell
social-democracy & woman suffrage by clara zetkin
a book of birds by carton moore park
hyde park by mrs. (ethel) alec-tweedie
plain living by rolf boldrewood
heidelberg volumes 1 - 3 by george payne rainsford james
new englands prospect by william wood
the american missionary volume 35 no. 8 august 1881 by various
the organisation of the royal naval artillery volunteers explained
a sketch of the life of elizabeth t. stone and of her persecutions
the captain's story by william s. martin
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 70 no. 431
keeping up with william by irving bacheller
five years in texas by thomas north
an interesting account of several remarkable visions by orson pratt
mutiny memoirs by a. r. d. mackenzie
the black swan at home and abroad by anonymous
sir rowland hill by eleanor c. smyth
cricket songs by norman gale
notre coeur or a woman's pastime by guy de maupassant
the campaign of kniggrtz by arthur l. wagner
facts and speculations on the origin and history of playing cards
the essentials of good skirmishing by george gawler
a history of inventions discoveries and origins
mary of burgundy by george payne rainsford james
are we of israel? by george reynolds
canadian melodies and poems by george e. merkley
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights
workhouse nursing by florence nightingale
later queens of the french stage by h. noel williams
poems by d. m. matheson
the chautauquan vol. 4 no.4 january 1884
travels of pedro de cieza de lon; part 2 by pedro de cieza de leon
beadle's dime song book no. 5 by various
the complete poems of sir john davies volume 1 of 2 by john davies
macmillan's three-and-sixpenny library of books by popular
london's heart by benjamin leopold farjeon
military manners and customs by james anson farrer
yorkshire vales and wolds by gordon home
as it was written by henry harland
the most bitter foe of nations and the way to its permanent
the military history of the 123d regiment ohio volunteerinfantry
raphael by paul g. konody
the prophecies of the brahan seer coinneach odhar fiosaiche
chambers's edinburgh journal no. 305 by various
torpedoes and torpedo warfare by c. w. sleeman
the choice humorous works ludicrous adventures bons mots
the korea review vol. 5 no. 5 may 1905 by various
egotism in german philosophy by george santayana
toots and his friends by kate tannatt woods
the vanishing of tera by fergus hume
mrs. gaskell by elizabeth gaskell
chapter of autobiography by w. e. gladstone
dick and fitzgerald catalog (1866) by dick and fitzgerald
the ethnology of europe by robert gordon latham
the rush for the spoil by mile zola
andy gordon by horatio alger
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
the pastor's fire-side vol. 2 of 4 by jane porter
autobiography of sir john rennie f. r. s. past president
letters of john calvin volume ii of 4 by jules bonnet
principle in art etc. by coventry patmore
the forty-third regiment united states colored troops
the art of drinking by georg gottfried gervinus
ancient armour and weapons in europe by john hewitt
wilford woodruff by matthias f. cowley and wilford woodruff
the wreck of the royal charter by frank fowler
the anatomy of bridgework by william henry thorpe
sister gertrude by daniel frederick edward sykes
travels to discover the source of the nile vol. 2 of 2 by james bruce
a medly of weather lore by various
ella clinton by martha farquharson
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 6 march 1883
a history of police in england by w. l. melville lee
ivar the viking by paul belloni du chaillu
strange survivals by sabine baring-gould
joseph and his friend by bayard taylor
studies in folk-song and popular poetry by alfred m. williams
his most gracious majesty king edward vii by marie belloc lowndes
the girl's own paper no. 992 december 31 1898 by various
among the an-ko-me-nums by thomas crosby
birds and nature vol. 12 no. 3 august 1902 by various
north american wild flowers by agnes fitzgibbon
tolstoy by l. winstanley
memoirs of the late war vol. 2 of 2 by john cooke
the chronicles of enguerrand de monstrelet vol. 1 of 13
outlines of zui creation myths by frank hamilton cushing
the marryers by irving bacheller
neaera by john w. graham
popular account of the manners and customs of india by charles acland
abraham lincoln in our own county by henry m. beardsley
reformed logic by d. b. mclachlan
once upon a time and other child-verses by mary e. wilkins
miscellanea curiosa vol. 3 by various
the book of the fly by g. hurlstone hardy
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 october 1864
a voice from jerusalem by orson hyde
the camp-fires of napoleon by henry c. watson
model women by william anderson
peregrine in france by william bromet
madam by mrs. oliphant
the quiver 12/1899 by anonymous
science and the criminal by c. ainsworth mitchell
robert emmet by louise imogen guiney
beryl of the biplane by william le queux
in taunton town : a story of the rebellion of james duke of monmouth
outlines of creation by elisha noyce
the hardy country by charles g. harper
plays--first series by august strindberg
the toxicity of caffein by william salant and john benjamin rieger
the peaches of new york by u. p. hedrick
joe miller's jests with copious additions by various
at war with society or tales of the outcasts by james mclevy
david cusicks sketches of ancient history of the six nations
the thompson-houston system of electric lighting by h. t. cory
a christian directory (part 2 of 4) by baxter richard
the right honourable sir henry enfield roscoe p.c.
english grammar and composition for public schools by george armstrong
wonderful stories for children by hans christian andersen
the vivisectors' directory by various
under the red dragon by james grant
chats on cottage and farmhouse furniture by arthur hayden
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1004 march 25 1899 by various
random shots from a rifleman by john kincaid
report of governor's representatives for california
works of the emperor julian vol. 2 of 2 by julian emperor of rome
from kitchen to garret by jane ellen panton
history of embalming by j. n. gannal
journal of the proceedings of the linnean society - vol. 4 by various
the cruise of the midge vol. i of 2 by michael scott
the etymology of local names by r. morris
the athelings complete by margaret oliphant
the conquest of plassans by mile zola
elements of the theory and practice of chymistry 5th ed.
dr. elsie inglis by lady frances balfour
romantic cities of provence by mona caird
love's golden thread by edith c. kenyon
arabella stuart by george payne rainsford james
religious poems by harriet beecher stowe
the jesus problem by j. m. robertson
oukkari by pietari pivrinta
rivers of great britain; rivers of the south and west coasts by various
the legendary history of the cross by john ashton
summer provinces by the sea by intercontinental railway
the englishwoman in russia by a lady
london cries & public edifices by luke limner
the geography of strabo volume ii of 3 by strabo
gospel themes by orson f. whitney
how to become an engineer by frank w. doughty
chambers's journal of popular literature science
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 october 19 1895 by various
letters from palestine by j. d. paxton
a history of lancashire by henry fishwick
a primer of mayan hieroglyphics by daniel g. brinton
chats on oriental china by j. f. blacker
paint & colour mixing by arthur seymour jennings
the witchcraft delusion in new england: its rise progress
an estimate of the true value of vaccination as a
catalogue of practical and scientific books by henry carey baird
much ado about something by c. e. lawrence
newfoundland by ford fairford
cradock nowell vol. 2 of 3 by richard doddridge blackmore
flemington by violet jacob
wonderful story of blue beard and his last wife by george cruikshank
a ride on horseback to florence through france and switzerland
the battles in flanders from ypres to neuve chapelle by edmund dane
the sheepfold and the common vol. i of 2 by timothy east
strange stories from a chinese studio vol. i (of 2) by songling pu
the mission to siam and hu the capital of cochin china
jack and jill and old dame gill by anonymous
brian fitz-count by augustine david crake
the minister's wife by mrs. margaret oliphant
the problem of truth by h. wildon carr
the mummy! by jane webb-loudon
chambers's journal of popular literature science
little wideawake by lucy elizabeth drummond sale-barker
ralph sinclair's atonement by antony sargent
under lock and key volume 2 of 3 by t. w. speight
the life of lazarillo de tormes by anonymous
the little glass man and other stories by wilhelm hauff
birds and all nature vol. 6 no. 3 october 1899 by various
incredible adventures by algernon blackwood
brighter britain! vol. 2 of 2 by william delisle hay
tragic romances by fiona macleod
the story of moscow by wirt gerrare
primus annus by walter lionel paine and cyril lyttleton mainwaring
the lost and hostile gospels by sabine baring-gould
the story of elizabeth canning considered by john hill
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 65 no. 400
a true account of the voyage of the nottingham-galley oflondon
chronicles of crime or the new newgate calendar vol. 2 of 2
the orphan's home mittens and george's account of the battle
the turning of griggsby by irving bacheller
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 68 no 422 december 1850
a blundering boy by bruce weston munro
the knitting book by eleonore riego de la branchardiere
the heart of the wild by samuel levy bensusan
the story of justin martyr and other poems by richard chenevix trench
the history of java vol. 1 of 2 by thomas stamford raffles
old friends an new fancies by sybil g. brinton
rhymes for harry and his nurse-maid by maria arthington
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 september 7 1895 by various
love in a mask by honor de balzac
the life and letters of ogier ghiselin de busbecq vols. 1 and 2
company g by a. r. (albert rowe) barlow
the amateur diplomat by hugh s. eayrs and thomas b. costain
the pastor's fire-side vol. 3 of 4 by jane porter
of ghostes and spirites walking by night by lewes laveterus
spons' household manual by e. spon and f. n. spon
the girl's own paper vol. 8 no. 359 november 13 1886 by various
the gastronomic regenerator: by alexis soyer
modern poets and poetry of spain by james kennedy
irish historical illusions by patrick foley
the story of a baby by ethel turner
the little room and other stories by madelene yale wynne
the dorrington deed-box by arthur morrison
the captivity sufferings and escape of james scurry by james scurry
early lives of charlemagne by einhard notker balbulus
the prince by nicol machiavelli
the raft by coningsby dawson
out of the east by lafcadio hearn
pomander walk by louis n. parker
poems by geoffrey dearmer
the new book of nonsense by anonymous
the bet and other stories by anton tchekhov
pax mundi by klas pontus arnoldson
friedrich nietzsche by georg brandes
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 71 no. 438 april 1852 by various
oat meal the war winner by james ritchie grieve
the clock struck one by fergus hume
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 985 november 12 1898 by various
the will to power books iii and iv by friedrich nietzsche
book of mormon stories by anonymous
on the plantation by joel chandler harris
the prairie flower by gustave aimard
the mail carrier by harry castlemon
the strand magazine volume vii issue 40 april 1894 by various
how to solve conundrums by anonymous
buffon's natural history volume x of 10 by georges louis leclerc
the fighting retreat to paris by roger ingpen
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 3 december 1883
systematic theology volume 3 of 3 by augustus hopkins strong
egyptian birds by charles whymper
motor matt's promise by stanley r. matthews
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 3 of 8
on naval timber and arboriculture by patrick matthew
hartmann the anarchist by edward douglas fawcett
manual of oriental antiquities by ernest babelon
rays of living light on the one way of salvation by charles w. penrose
history of spanish literature volume 2 of 3 by george ticknor
jacob hamblin: a narrative of his personal experience
first love volume 3 of 3 by margracia loudon
the freaks of mayfair by e. f. benson
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 50 june 12 1841 by various
knickerbocker or the new-york monthly magazine december 1843
the sorrows of belgium by leonid andreyev
little homespun by ruth ogden
a present for infants by anonymous
artificial limbs by auguste broca and charles ducroquet
about my father's business by thomas archer
old country life by s. baring-gould
plays vol. 2 by john vanbrugh
the cabots and the discovery of america by elizabeth hodges
psychology and crime by thomas holmes
conscience and sin by s. baring-gould
ocean gardens the history of the marine aquarium by h. noel humphreys
the law's lumber room second series by francis watt
journal of a soldier of the seventy-first or glasgowregiment
my memory of gladstone by goldwin smith
comical pilgrim; or travels of a cynick philosopher... by anonymous
morocco by edmondo de amicis
the spider by fergus hume
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 9 june 1883
mr. punch's scottish humour by various
the father and daughter by amelia opie
the fleet. its rivers prison and marriages by john ashton
history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
gunshot roentgenograms by clyde s. ford
god's playthings by marjorie bowen
louis pasteur by ren vallery-radot
my miscellanies vol. 1 (of 2) by wilkie collins
the american missionary volume 35 no. 3 march 1881 by various
the american missionary vol. 33 no. 3 march 1879 by various
life in a german crack regiment by wolf ernst hugo emil baudissin
the flower of the flock volume 2 of 3 by pierce egan
the mentor vol. 1 no. 26 august 11 1913: american landscape
the mentor vol. 1 no. 43 december 8 1913: the revolution
the vertebrate skeleton by sidney h. reynolds
divine authority by orson pratt
trelawny of the wells by arthur w. pinero
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 october 14th 1893 by various
the thick of the fray at zeebrugge by percy f. westerman
the princess sophia by e. f. benson
newfoundland to cochin china by mrs. howard vincent
the indian bangle by fergus hume
early scenes in church history by various
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 4 april 1847 by various
florence on a certain night by coningsby dawson
with the ulster division in france
the employments of women by virginia penny
a literary history of ireland by douglas hyde
the ladies lindores vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
merry's book of puzzles by j. n. stearns
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 2 of 8
katydid's poems by mrs. j. i. mckinney
doctor birch and his young friends by m. a. titmarsh
gabriele rossetti by gabriele rossetti
the temptation of st. anthony by gustave flaubert
four months in libby and the campaign against atlanta
the young collector's handbook of ants bees dragon-flies
the labour-saving house by dorothy constance bayliff peel
patience by james w. alexander
the magic of spain by aubrey f. g. bell
under king henry's banners by percy f. westerman
pulp and paper magazine vol. 13 no. 20 october 15 1916 by various
the rise of the russian empire by hector h. munro
a tour to the river saguenay in lower canada by charles lanman
the war of chupas by pedro de cieza de leon
glimpses of indian birds by douglas dewar
the boarding school by hannah webster foster
healthful sports for young ladies by st. sernin
in the days of queen mary by edward ebenezer crake
rice papers by h. l. norris
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
luck and pluck by horatio alger jr.
light for little ones by mary f. waterbury
the moon by james nasmyth and james carpenter
nunnery life in the church of england by sister mary agnes
the book of jade by judith gautier
first lessons in natural philosophy by joseph c. martindale
the adventures of an ugly girl by elizabeth burgoyne corbett
a plain and faithful narrative of the original design rise
light and colour theories by joseph w. lovibond
an essay in defence of the female sex by judith drake
american missionary volume 33 no. 9 september 1879 by various
old mr. tredgold by margaret oliphant
in defense of the flag by david w. stafford
study of army camp life during american revolution by mary hazel snuff
the first afghan war by mowbray morris
jungle and stream by george manville fenn
in the firing line by a. st. john adcock
short-title catalog of publications and importations of scientific
the western front by muirhead bone
the officer's manual by napoleon bonaparte
the boston dip by george m. baker
a short history of freethought ancient and modern
the heart of asia by francis henry skrine and edward denison ross
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
travels in southern europe and the levant 1810-1817
memoirs of the revolution in bengal anno dom. 1757 by william watts
on the various forces of nature and their relations
christmas carols and midsummer songs by various
the manuvring mother by charlotte campbell bury
humphry davy poet and philosopher by thomas edward thorpe
labors in the vineyard by various
riding for ladies by mrs. power o'donoghue
a polyglot of foreign proverbs by henry bohn
children of the dead end by patrick macgill
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 27 january 2 1841 by various
medical women by sophia jex-blake
the matron's manual of midwifery and the diseases of women
buddhism in its connexion with brahmanism and hinduism and in
the corset and the crinoline by william barry lord
valentine and orson a romantic melo-drame as performed
adventures in the moon and other worlds by john russell russell
modern french masters by marie van vorst
motor matt's century run by stanley r. matthews
the convict by george payne rainsford james
ben stone at oakdale by morgan scott
the lost tribes of the irish in the south by irvin shrewsbury cobb
a manual of the historical development of art
journal of a tour in the years 1828-1829 through styria
the pennycomequicks vol. 2 of 3 by s. baring-gould
military service and adventures in the far east: vol. 1 of 2
the prairie-bird by charles augustus murray
tables of the law; & the adoration of the magi by william butler yeats
the scratch pack by dorothea conyers
reminiscences of a soldier of the orphan brigade by l. d. young
life of a pioneer by james s. brown
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 6 march 1885
motor matt's enemies no. 22 july 24 1909 by stanley r. matthews
queen moo's talisman by alice dixon le plongeon
dionysius of halicarnassus on literary composition
two centuries of shipbuilding by various
toy-making in school and home by ruby kathleen polkinghorne
modern flirtations by catherine sinclair
the night-side of nature by catherine crowe
hands up; or thirty-five years of detective life in the
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (2 of 6):
the chief periods of european history by edward a. freeman
the manatitlans by r. elton smile
frank reade and his steam horse by harry enton
an essay on contagious diseases by clifton wintringham
ten years in india by w. j. d. gould
popular british ballads ancient and modern vol. 1 of 4 by various
the walls of constantinople by bernard granville baker
a nest of linnets by frank frankfort moore
the dead letter by metta victoria fuller victor
birds and nature vol. 9 no. 2 february 1901 by various
on the connexion of the physical sciences by mary somerville
the old man; or ravings and ramblings round conistone
the monomaniac by mile zola
the athelings vol. 1 of 3 by margaret oliphant
my experiences as an executioner by james berry
main currents in nineteenth century literature
the silent rifleman by henry william herbert and james jackson
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
morality without god by m. m. mangasarian
the day before yesterday by richard middleton
'look about you' nature study books book 3 of 7 by thomas w. hoare
a journalists note-book by frank frankfort moore
the knights templars by charles greenstreet addison
john leech's pictures of life and character vol. 2 of 3 by john leech
coffee and chicory: by p. l. simmonds
cathay by ezra pound and rihaku
the english-american his travail by sea and land: or
soil by mile zola
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights entertainments
richelieu v. 2/3 by g. p. r. james
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
mental evolution in man by george john romanes
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 2 august 1837 by various
the oxford reformers by frederic seebohm
a history of mourning by richard davey
the mary frances first aid book by jane eayre fryer
mediaeval london volume 1 of 2 by walter besant
a study in shadows by william j. locke
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 2 february 1847 by various
a lady's tour in corsica vol. i of 2 by gertrude forde
history of the inquisition from its establishement
scientific american september 29 1883 supplement no. 404 by various
old quebec the city of champlain by emily weaver
history of the thirty-sixth regiment massachusetts volunteers
saunterings in and about london by max schlesinger
pleasant ways in science by richard a. proctor
northern spain by edgar t. a. wigram
the new forest by elizabeth godfrey
patriotic song by various
holden with the cords by w. m. l. jay
systematic theology volume 2 of 3 by augustus hopkins strong
the american missionary volume 41 no. 7 july 1887 by various
curiosities of street literature by various
humour wit & satire of the seventeenth century by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 69 no. 425 march 1851
theistic conception of the world by benjamin franklin cocker
the house of arden by edith nesbit
jellyfish starfish and sea-urchins: being a research
a view of society and manners in france switzerland and germany
the quiver by anonymous
a sketch of assam by john butler
bessie at the sea-side by joanna mathews
interpretations of poetry and religion by george santayana
cossack tales by nicholas gogol
the later renaissance by david hannay
kate vernon vol. 2 of 3 by mrs. alexander
unaddressed letters by various
birds and nature vol. 11 no. 2 february 1902 by various
john leech's pictures of life and character volume ii of iii
life in south africa by mary anne barker
the friendly daemon or the generous apparition by daniel defoe
the american missionary volume 34 no. 3 march 1880 by various
sailing by e. f. knight
the ethics of diet by howard williams
nursery comedies by lady florence eveleen eleanore bell
alone in west africa by mary gaunt
not posted
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 10 september 5 1840 by various
blood atonement and the origin of plural marriage
the american missionary volume 36 no. 3 march 1882 by various
the cleveland medical gazette vol. 1 no. 5 march 1886
a description of greenland by hans egede
mother stories from the book of mormon by william a. morton
artificial and natural flight by hiram s. maxim
the washer of the ford by fiona macleod
a chambermaid's diary by octave mirbeau
alphabetical catalogue of books in general literature and fiction
seets i' paris by john hartley
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 august 3 1895 by various
travels to discover the source of the nile vol. 4 of 5 by james bruce
of gardens by francis bacon
rhymes and jingles by mary mapes dodge
papers and proceedings of the thirty-fourth annual meeting
isle of wight by a. r. hope moncrieff
the works of francis maitland balfour volume ii of 4
babes in the bush by rolf boldrewood
new york journal of pharmacy vol. 1 of 3 1852 by various
the life of robert lord clive vol. 3 of 3 by john malcolm
mr. punch at home by various
the two maps of europe by hilaire belloc
buffon's natural history volume ii of 10 by georges louis leclerc
the mission of poubalov by frederick russell burton
the life and times of her majesty caroline matilda
the usurper by judith gautier
the preacher's complete homiletic commentary on the books
the journal of joachim hane
red cloud the solitary sioux by william francis butler
cassell's natural history vol. 1 of 6 by peter martin duncan
frank reade jr. and his electric ice ship by luis senarens
under the holly by henry fitz randolph
memoir of a brother by thomas hughes
the basis of morality by arthur schopenhauer
dalziels' illustrated goldsmith by oliver goldsmith
southern literary messenger vol. 1 no. 8 april 1835 by various
pagan origin of partialist doctrines by john claudius pitrat
twentieth century culture and deportment by maud c. cooke
siberian overland route from peking to petersburg by alexander michie
the ghost camp by rolf boldrewood
the juvenile lavater by george brewer
poems of giosu carducci by giosu carducci and frank sewall
chronicles of crime or the new newgate calendar vol. 1 of 2
the little black princess by jeannie gunn
amads of gaul volume iv of iv by vasco lobeira
t. b. peterson's list of publications (1857) by t. b. peterson
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 1001 march 4 1899 by various
absurdities of immaterialism by orson pratt
life of napoleon bonaparte vol. 2 by sir walter scott
tour up the straits from gibraltar to constantinople
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 6 december 1837 by various
the sorceress vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
barbers' manual part 1 & text book on taxidermy part 2
bashfulness cured by anonymous
teresa of watling street by arnold bennett
the crystal palace by peter berlyn and charles fowler
seattle car & foundry company catalogue no. 3 december 1913
richelieu v. 3/3 by g. p. r. james
misunderstood by florence montgomery
historical record of the second or the queen's royal
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 982 october 22 1898 by various
the history of the crusades vol. 1 of 3 by joseph francois michaud
the wild garden by william robinson
the principles of stratigraphical geology by j. e. marr
the devil by ferenc molnar
tradition by john francis arundell
the campaigns of the 124th regiment ohio volunteer infantry
burgo's romance by t. w. speight
guernsey folk lore by edgar macculloch
a diplomat's memoir of 1870 by frederic reitlinger
time and time-tellers by james w. benson
quarterly journal of science literature and the arts
open letter to president mckinley by colored people of massachusetts
the captain of the guard by james grant
the rosary by anonymous
birds and nature vol. 12 no. 4 september 1902 by various
old english mansions by alfred yockney
birds of the plains by douglas dewar
sacred mysteries among the mayas and the quiches
the life of midhat pasha; a record of his services
notes on the fenland by t. mckenny huges and alexander macalister
our cavalry by m. f. rimington
christina of denmark duchess of milan and lorraine
single life by john baldwin buckstone
drake's road book of the grand junction railway by james drake
motor matt's mystery by stanley r. matthews
notes on the iroquois by henry r. schoolcraft
recollections of a peninsula veteran by joseph anderson
my wife and i by harriet beecher stowe
the land of darkness by margaret oliphant
how the garden grew by maud maryon
a catalogue of books and announcements of methuen and
further remarks on the policy of lending bodleian printed
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the scottish parliament by robert s. rait
the cuckoo in the nest vol. 2 of 2 by margaret oliphant
chats on military curios by stanley c. johnson
the dreadnought of the air by percy f. westerman
tracked by a tattoo by fergus hume
old country inns of england by henry p. maskell and edward w. gregory
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 01 january 1878 by various
the stanley gibbons philatelic handbooks: saint vincent
abridgement of the debates of congress from 1789 to 1856
primer of the art of illumination for the use of beginners
midnight sunbeams or bits of travel through the land
a little queen of hearts by ruth ogden
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the new forest by john r. wise
the three days' tournament by jessie l. weston
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 63 no. 388 february 1848
not posted
the white stone by anatole france
the american missionary volume 34 no. 11 november 1880 by various
byron's narrative of the loss of the wager by john byron
the tatler volume two by various
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 40 april 3 1841 by various
the governor of england by marjorie bowen
the history of the first united states flag by j. franklin reigart
kitty alone vol. 1 of 3 by s. baring gould
the ornithologist and ologist. vol. 8 no. 3 march 1883 by various
sermons by clement bailhache
argot and slang by albert barrre
colin clink volume iii of iii by charles hooton
of vulgarity by john ruskin
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 9 june 1885
the just-wed cook book by various
the vision splendid by d. k. broster and g. w. taylor
custer's last shot by j. m. travers
the expositor's bible: the psalms volume iii by alexander maclaren
leon roch vol. 2 of 2 by benito prez galds
the open boat and other stories by stephen crane
on sameness and identity by george stuart fullerton
the rural magazine and literary evening fire-side
the american bee journal vol. 6 number 5 november 1870 by various
our square and the people in it by samuel hopkins adams
a sheaf by john galsworthy
life of the rev. george whitefield volume i of ii by luke tyerman
sphinx vespiformis by edward newman
evolution in art by alfred c. haddon
the christian hymn book by various
british pomology by robert hogg
all along the river by mary elizabeth braddon
home life in russia volumes 1 and 2 by nikolai gogol
myths of the iroquois (1883 n 02 / 1880-1881 pages 47-116)
the schoolmistress by arthur w. pinero
the boys of grand pr school by james de mille
the golden maiden by a. g. seklemian
prospectus of the scots new zealand land company by patrick matthew
hugh miller by william keith leask
confessions of a thug by philip meadows taylor
the economics of the russian village by isaac a. hourwich
from ocean to ocean by jerome j. murif
writ in barracks by edgar wallace
the opening heavens by joseph bates
lives of the saints volume 3 of 16: march by sabine baring-gould
the archaeology and prehistoric annals of scotland by daniel wilson
extempore speech by william pittenger
a thousand francs reward by emile gaboriau
the daft days by neil munro
those holy fields: palestine by samuel manning
hafiz in london by hafiz
john herring vol. 2 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
webster--man's man by peter b. kyne
the dance of death by ambrose bierce
a picture-book of merry tales by anonymous
uncle joe's stories by edward hugessen knatchbull-hugesson
a journal of the first voyage of vasco da gama 1497-1499 by unknown
the comic poems of thomas hood by thomas hood
cambridge and its colleges by alexander hamilton thompson
on sulphonfluorescen and some of its derivatives by c. willard hayes
a family of noblemen by mikhal saltykov
the new eschatology by j. g. broughton pegg
beggars by william henry davies
the truth about jesus. is he a myth? by m. m. mangasarian
sindbad the sailor & other stories from the arabian nights
traits of american humour vol. 2 of 3 by various
by forest ways in new zealand by f. a. roberts
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 34 february 20 1841 by various
five years in the alleghanies by jonathan cross
tom the piper's son by anonymous
at the councillor's by e. marlitt
canada in flanders volume iii of 3 by charles g. d. roberts
at his gates vol. 3 of 3 by margaret oliphant
christmas stories by eugene field and clement clarke moore
life and public services of martin r. delany by frank a. rollin
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 4 january 1883
the gates ajar by elizabeth stuart phelps
the incarnate purpose by g. h. percival
villars and its environs by george flemwell
the command in the battle of bunker hill by richard frothingham
the pennsylvania journal of prison discipline and philanthropy
the romance of the woods by f. j. whishaw
the surprising and singular adventures of a hen as related
studies in the theory of descent vol. 1 of 2 by august weismann
the life and times of george villiers duke of buckingham
the history of rome books 37 to the end by titus livius
a dominie dismissed by alexander sutherland neill
cloud studies by arthur w. clayden
korean tales by horace newton allen
the history of duelling (volume 2 of 2) by j. g. millingen
the colleges of oxford: their history and traditions by various
st. john damascene on holy images by john of damascus
colour decoration of architecture by james ward
the battles of the british army by robert melvin blackwood
how women may earn a living by mercy grogan
history of spanish and portuguese literature vol. 2 of 2
memoirs of the distinguished men of science of great britain
from the earth to the moon direct in ninety-seven hours
peggy o'neal by alfred henry lewis
the kingdom of georgia by oliver wardrop
the evolutionist at large by grant allen
my adventure in the flying scotsman; a romance of london
poems by george crabbe
the boy's own book of indoor games and recreations by gordon staples
frenzied liberty and the myth of a rich man's war
catalogue of rudimentary scientific educational
the military sketch-book. vol. 1 of 2 by william maginn
ancient plants by marie c. stopes
collotype and photo-lithography by julius schnauss
the unwritten history of old st. augustine by various
the ancient city by constance fenimore woolson
culture & ethnology by robert h. lowie
fifteen hundred miles an hour by charles dixon
soldiers and sailors by george mogridge
reminiscences of prince talleyrand vol. 2 of 2 by edouard colmache
ourika by claire duras
rough ways made smooth by richard a. proctor
braddock road by john kennedy lacock
grave-mounds and their contents by llewellynn frederick william jewitt
harps hung up in babylon by arthur colton
birds and nature vol. 10 no. 5 december 1901 by various
a new system of horsemanship by claude bourgelat
birds and nature vol. 12 no. 2 july 1902 by various
the influence of buddhism on primitive christianity by arthur lillie
killarney by mary gorges
the chautauquan vol. 3 no. 5 february 1883
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 8 may 1884
mother goose's bicycle tour by m. a. bonnell
william shakespeare by georg brandes
the mythology of the british islands by charles squire
the rebel chief by gustave aimard
the tenth man by w. somerset maugham
household stories from the land of hofer by r. h. busk
cups and their customs by george edwin roberts and henry porter
sexual neuroses by j. t. kent
down the snow stairs by alice corkran
the financier by theodore dreiser
the mentor: bolivia vol. 5 no. 18 serial no. 142
the old market-cart by mrs. f. b. smith
the kingdom of god part 1 by orson pratt
american missionary vol. 33 no. 02 february 1879 by various
select specimens of natural history collected in travels to
rose of the world by agnes castle & egerton castle
reminiscences of a workhouse medical officer by joseph rogers
natural & artificial sewage treatment by alfred s. jones
poems from eastern sources by richard chenevix trench
woodbarrow farm by jerome k. jerome
the chronicles of enguerrand de monstrelet vol. 2 of 13
thomas otway by thomas otway
a dominie's log by alexander sutherland neill
mrs. severn vol. 1 (of 3) by mary elizabeth carter
the bath comedy by agnes castle and egerton castle
america by robert mackenzie
tracts on the sabbath by various
report of mr. wood's visit to the choctaw and
some poems of roger casement by roger casement
wanderings in patagonia by julius beerbohm
the weird adventures of professor delapine of the sorbonne
the mentor vol. 1 no. 29 september 1 1913: great american
national geographic magazine vol. 2 no. 3 july 1890 by various
the purple fern by fergus hume
anne of geierstein volume i (of 2) by sir walter scott
the story of a loaf of bread by thomas barlow wood
the republic of ragusa by luigi villary
the american missionary volume 36 no. 11 november 1882 by various
the housekeeper's valuable present by robert abbot
a journey in brazil by louis agassiz and elizabeth cabot cary agassiz
king ren d'anjou and his seven queens by edgcumbe staley
chambers's journal of popular literature science
an account of the abipones an equestrian people of paraguay
the story of chartres by cecil headlam
how does a tree grow? by james bonwick
suicide by william wynn westcott
the life and times of her majesty caroline matilda vol. 3 of 3
a tour through old provence by archibald stevenson forrest
history of ancient pottery vol. 2 of 2 by h. b. walters
melmoth the wanderer vol. 3 of 4 by charles robert maturin
jack and the bean-stalk by hallam tennyson
the loudwater tragedy by t. w. speight
the shipwrecked orphans by john ireland
walking essays by arthur sidgwick
macmillan & co.'s catalogue november 1878 by various
my miscellanies vol. 2 of 2 by wilkie collins
the life of a regimental officer by a. f. mockler-ferryman
popular scientific recreations by gaston tissandier
the anatomy of vegetables begun by nehemiah grew
steam engine familiarly explained and illustrated by dionysius lardner
piping hot! by mile zola
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 68 no. 421
the mentor vol. 1 no. 36 october 20 1913: famous american
geneva by francis gribble
the glory of the coming by irvin s. cobb
three days on the ohio river by william a. alcott
water supply: the present practice of sinking and boring wells
emblematic illumination; or forms colours and emblems by anonymous
a deal with the devil by eden phillpotts
jack jingle and sucky shingle by anonymous
beethoven by romain rolland
the hymn-book of the modern church by arthur e. gregory
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 6 (of 6) by louis creswicke
corinne; or italy by germaine madame de stal
tales traditions and romance of border and revolutionary times
edgar the ready by w. p. shervill
ireland under the tudors vol. 3 of 3 by richard bagwell
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 5 february 1884
sop's fables by sop
the romance of plant life by g. f. scott elliot
his majesty baby and some common people by ian maclaren
geoffrey the lollard by frances eastwood
kate aylesford by charles j. peterson
oliver cromwell by samuel rawson gardiner
from pekin to calais by land by harry de windt
history and romance of crime and prisons over seas by arthur griffiths
an essay on demonology ghosts and apparitions and
famous persons and places by nathaniel parker willis
some famous women by louise creighton
king robert the bruce by a. f. murison
miss mephistopheles by fergus hume
shinto by w. g. aston
twenty-four discourses by nathan perkins
gospel: an exposition of its first principles by brigham henry roberts
anatomy of the cat by jacob reighard and h. s. jennings
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 980 october 8 1898 by various
lloyd's treatise on hats by robert lloyd
royal winchester by a. g. l'estrange
adventures of an aide-de-camp volume 2 of 3 by james grant
sybil chase by ann s. stephens
all but lost vol 2 of 3 by g. a. henty
serpent-worship and other essays by c. staniland wake
ruins of ancient cities vol. ii of ii by charles bucke
the valkyries by edward frederic benson
how to ski and how not to by vivian caulfeild
what nietzsche taught by willard huntington wright
stories of the days of king arthur by charles henry hanson
diaries of sir moses and lady montefiore vol. 2 of 2
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 8 august 1878 by various
charities and the commons: the pittsburgh survey
chambers's journal of popular literature science
eccentricities of the animal creation by john timbs
the life and reign of edward i by robert benton seeley
the adventures of m. d'haricot by j. storer clouston
willis's current notes no. xv march 1852 by various
cuban folk-lore by l. roy terwilliger
peeps at heraldry by phoebe allen
the ohio river trade 1788-1830 by hazel yearsley shaw
historical record of the fifteenth or the yorkshire
sketch-book of the north by george eyre-todd
posthumous papers of the pickwick club vol. 1 of 2
chats on violoncellos by olga racster
mesopotamian archaeology by percy s. p. handcock
the book of war: the military classic of the far east
the barbarity of circumcision as a remedy for congenital
chambers's journal of popular literature science
thomas campbell by j. cuthbert hadden
five acres too much by robert barnwell roosevelt
on horseback through asia minor vol. 2 of 2 by fred burnaby
history of spanish literature volume 1 of 3 by george ticknor
amads of gaul vol. 3 of 4 by vasco lobeira
tar-heel tales in vernacular verse by john e. p. doyle
the crimson azaleas by henry de vere stacpoole
cornish worthies volume 1 of 2 by walter h. tregellas
the cambridge book of poetry for children by various
on the origin of inflammation of the veins by henry lee
maybee's stepping stones by archie fell
memoirs of the duchesse de dino by duchesse de dino
hyde park from domesday-book to date by john ashton
the mentor: angels in art vol. 1 no. 40
plant lore legends and lyrics by richard folkard
celtic folklore: welsh and manx volume 2 of 2 by john rhys
the flower-patch among the hills by flora klickmann
journal of prison discipline and philanthropy january 1862
the legend of sister beatrix by charles nodier
berkshire by h. w. monckton
a book of simples by h. w. lewer
the genealogy of morals by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
the history of the life and death of sultan solyman the magnificent
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 33 february 13 1841 by various
emerson on sound money by willis george emerson
historical tales and legends of the highlands by various
my lattice and other poems by frederick george scott
santa claus' daughter by everett elliott and f. w. hardcastle
studies in the history and method of science by various
sarah winnemucca's practical solution of the indian problem
anecdotes about authors and artists by john timbs
writing and drawing made easy amusing and instructive
the legends and myths of hawaii by david kalakaua
the sauciest boy in the service by w. gordon-stables
mediaeval london by william benham and charles welch
the story of valentine and his brother by mrs. margaret oliphant
nests and eggs of birds of the united states by thomas g. gentry
the christ by john eleazer remsburg
a rough diamond by john baldwin buckstone
a nobel queen volume ii of iii by philip meadows taylor
the end of the middle ages by a. mary f. robinson
tales of humour gallantry and romance by anonymous
the latter-day prophet by george q. cannon
my country by marie queen of rumania
vices of convents and monasteries priests and nuns by thos. e. watson
stories about indians by anonymous
mont oriol or a romance of auvergne by guy de maupassant
round the fire stories by arthur conan doyle
the gilded chair by melville davisson post
drawing rooms second floor and attics by john maddison morton
the collected works of william butler yeats vol. 7 of 8
everybody's book of luck by anonymous
the great lord burghley by martin andrew sharp hume
the queen's maries by g. j. whyte melville
the good gray poet a vindication by william douglas o'connor
a boy crusoe by allan eric
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 988 december 3 1898 by various
the story of joan of arc by m. m. mangasarian
the american missionary vol. 34 no. 1 january 1880 by various
the flowing bowl by edward spencer
the knickerbocker vol. 10 no. 3 september 1837 by various
adventures of an aide-de-camp volume 1 of 3 by james grant
a defence of virginia by robert l. dabney
battles of english history by hereford brooke george
american missionary volume 35 no. 12 december 1881 by various
animal locomotion by j. bell pettigrew
the american missionary vol. 32 no. 04 april 1878 by various
philosophy of the plan of salvation by an american citizen
the complete works in philosophy politics and morals of the late
studies in the south and west with comments on canada
studies in the epistle of james by a. t. robertson
the three voyages of captain cook round the world. vol.ii
ramayana volume one by valmiki
the maid of sker by richard doddridge blackmore
poems by john clare
the law of storms by john ross
a naval venture by t. t. jeans
letters of peregrine pickle by george p. upton
a bird of passage and other stories by beatrice harraden
letters of felix mendelssohn-bartholdy from 1833 to 1847
pioneer colored christians by harriet parks miller
the peddler spy by w. j. hamilton
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 18 october 31 1840 by various
in the depths of the dark continent by cornelius shea
river legends by e. h. knatchbull-hugessen
the peep of day by mrs. favell lee (bevan) mortimer
the american missionary volume 35 no. 5 may 1881 by various
the younger sister vol. 3 by catherine anne austen hubback
romney by randall davies
china in america by stewart culin
william cobbett by edward smith
speeches & table-talk of the prophet mohammad
the historical jesus by john m. robertson
the english rogue: continued in the life of meriton latroon
egoists by james huneker
history of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints
sketch of the sikhs by john malcolm
an universal dictionary of the marine by william falconer
baled hay by bill nye
prcis writing for beginners by guy noel pocock
papers and proceedings of the thirty-fifth general meeting
birds and all nature vol. iv no. 4 october 1898 by various
the great musicians: purcell by william h. cummings
birds and all nature vol 7 no. 2 february 1900 by various
the war by james h. wood
the golden bough third edition vol. 5 of 12 by james george frazer
malay magic by walter william skeat
german society at the close of the middle ages by ernest belfort bax
haifa by laurence oliphant
the islets of the channel by walter cooper dendy
motor matt's quest by stanley r. matthews
a hermit of carmel and other poems by george santayana
bentley's miscellany vol. ii by various
shakspeare's mental photographs by anonymous
chambers's journal of popular literature science
the times red cross story book by various
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 35 february 27 1841 by various
adonijah by jane margaret strickland
robin hood by anonymous
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 2 november 1884
the taleef shereef by muhammad sharif khan
london city by walter besant
mr. punch's irish humour by charles keene and various
a short history of christianity by j. m. robertson
an essay on the foundations of geometry by bertrand russell
village annals containing austerus and humanus by anonymous
a historical account of useful inventions and scientific discoveries
the household of sir thomas more by anne manning
history of scotland by margaret macarthur
the sunlit hours by mile verhaeren
the blossoms of morality by richard johnson
the stolen cruiser by percy f. westerman
lives of famous london beggars by john thomas smith
the flea by harold russell
eva's adventures in shadow-land by mary d. nauman
horace walpole and his world by horace walpole
the geological history of plants by sir j. william dawson
ballades and verses vain by andrew lang
decorative art of indian tribes of connecticut
an account of the abipones an equestrian people of paraguay
leslie's loyalty by charles garvice
mistress spitfire by joseph smith fletcher
popular amusements by j. t. crane
isabella orsini by francesco domenico guerrazzi
an account of the insects noxious to agriculture
the structure and life-history of the cockroach
a history of babylon from the foundation of the monarchy
a trip to mars by fenton ash
church history vol. 2 of 3 by j. h. kurtz
a tender attachment by george melville baker
palace and mosque at ukhaidir by gertrude lowthian bell
the manuvring mother by charlotte campbell bury
jonah's luck by fergus hume
claret and olives from the garonne to the rhone by angus b. reach
writings in connection with the donatist controversy
the rake's progress by marjorie bowen
the philosophy which shows the physiology of mesmerism and
pan-worship and other poems by eleanor farjeon
the chautauquan vol. 5 no. 7 april 1885
capture and escape by john azor kellogg
the romance of war volume 3 of 3 by james grant
a day with robert louis stevenson by maurice clare
revelations of divine love recorded by julian anchoress at norwich
gibraltar by henry m. field
zoological illustrations or original figures and descriptions
history of the twelfth west virginia volunteer infantry
rhymes of northern bards by various
account of the plague which raged at moscow in 1771
the cleveland medical gazette vol. 1 no. 3 january 1886
the westminster alice by h. h. munro
my visit to tolstoy by joseph krauskopf
evening incense by john ross macduff
jesus the messiah; or the old testament prophecies fulfilled
willem adriaan van der stel by george mccall theal
myths & legends of japan by frederick hadland davis
averil by rosa nouchette carey
graham's magazine vol. 30 no. 3 march 1847 by various
an essay on laughter by james sully
statement of the provision for the poor and of the condition
reminiscencies of a confederate soldier of co. c 2nd va. cavalry
ombra by margaret oliphant
tobias smollett by oliphant smeaton
old broadbrim magazine no. 32 may 9 1903 into the heart
the wyandotte convention; an address by john alexander martin
two women or one? by henry harland
the bondman by mrs. o'neill
thoth by joseph shield nicholson
common objects of the microscope by j. g. wood
a sheaf of bluebells by baroness emmuska orczy
a code for the government of armies in the field by francis lieber
biographical notice of nicolo paganini by franois-joseph ftis
the exclusives vol. 2 of 3 by charlotte campbell bury
a tramp's scraps by h. i. m. self
tudor school-boy life by juan luis vives
courage by ruth ogden
vacation rambles by thomas hughes
poems from the inner life by lizzie doten
graham's magazine vol. 36 no. 5 may 1850 by various
the merry anne by samuel merwin
the cherries of new york by u. p. hedrick
history of the pirates who infested the china sea
the art and practice of hawking by edward b. michell
historical and descriptive narrative of twenty years' residence
the quest by justus miles forman
the historical growth of the english parish church
mam' linda by will n. harben
memoirs of maria stella (lady newborough)
mormon doctrine plain and simple by charles w. penrose
history of the second massachusetts battery (nims' battery)
my crochet sampler by miss lambert
petrarch by james harvey robinson
exploration of the valley of the amazon part 2 of 2 by lardner gibbon
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 69 no. 423
the sin that was his by frank l. packard
the chautauquan vol. 4 no. 7 april 1884
arminell vol. 1 of 3 by sabine baring-gould
remarks on the uses of some of the bazaar medicines and
hints to servants by an upper servant
queen anna's new world of words by john florio
jack sheppard vol. iii of iii by w. harrison ainsworth
past redemption by george m. baker
an elementary manual of new zealand entomology by g. v. hudson
the life and adventures of peter wilkins vol. 2 by robert paltock
chambers's edinburgh journal no.306 by various
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the american missionary volume 35 no. 2 february 1881 by various
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 14 october 3 1840 by various
the old chelsea bun-house by anne manning
chambers's journal of popular literature science and art
the roman poets of the republic by william young sellar
doctor quintard chaplain c.s.a and second bishop of tennessee
nuggets in the devil's punch bowl and other australian tales
stories from the arabian nights by laurence housman
the book of roses by francis parkman
floreat etona by ralph nevill
short studies in ethics by john ormsby miller
a prisoner of the khaleefa: twelve years captivity
babylon vol. 1 of 3 by grant allen
essay on the life and institutions of offa king of mercia
on the stage-and off by jerome k. jerome
josh billings hiz sayings by henry wheeler shaw
the remedy for unemployment by alfred russel wallace
the two first centuries of florentine history by pasquale villari
a servant of satan by louis berard
a list of books published by chatto & windus september 1891
the irish penny journal vol. 1 no. 12 september 19 1840 by various
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
at minas basin and other poems by theodore h. rand
the origin of the werewolf superstition by caroline taylor stewart
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 66 no. 405 july 1849 by various
ancient egyptian doctrine of the immortality of the soul
illustrated dictionary of gardening division 1; a to car by various
john sherman and dhoya by william butler yeats
lady byron vindicated by harriet beecher stowe
the pastor's fire-side vol. 1 of 4 by jane porter
bits of blarney by r. shelton mackenzie
the west indies by john henderson
biscayne bay dade county florida between the 25th
history of a six weeks' tour by mary wollstonecraft shelley
punch or the london charivari vol. 109 august 10 1895 by various
at his gates vol. 2 of 3 by margaret oliphant
makers of british botany; a collection of biographies
the boy traders by harry castlemon
the humour of america by various
mary broome by allan monkhouse
three men by maxime gorky
basil and annette by b. l. farjeon
mr. durant of salt lake city by ben e. rich
four hundred humorous illustrations vol 1 of 2 by george cruikshank
the academic gregories by agnes grainger stewart
the missing prince by g. e. farrow
the light invisible by robert hugh benson
a summer on the borders of the caribbean sea by j. dennis. harris
daily training by e. f. benson
tea and tea drinking by arthur reade
the white horses by halliwell sutcliffe
in pastures green by peter mcarthur
the girl's own paper vol. 20 no. 996 january 28 1899 by various
the veiled man by william le queux
donald ross of heimra volume iii of 3 by william black
peggy parsons a hampton freshman by annabel sharp
nurses' papers on tuberculosis by various
buffalo land by w. e. webb
folk-lore of shakespeare by thomas firminger thiselton-dyer
the mysterious murder of pearl bryan by unknown
on the variation of species with especial reference
wives and widows; or the broken life by ann s. stephens
modern illustration by joseph pennell
an ethnologist's view of history by daniel g. brinton
by-ways in book-land by william davenport adams
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 58 no. 362
the fiery totem by argyll saxby
great ralegh by hugh de selincourt
hymns from the morningland by various
life of beethoven by anton schindler
the subspecies of the mountain chickadee by joseph grinnell
pictures of german life in the xvth xvith and xviith
in brief authority by f. anstey
the war-workers by e. m. delafield
ethel morton and the christmas ship by mabell s. c. smith
surgery with special reference to podiatry
the advocate by charles heavysege
pictures of german life in the xviiith and xixth centuries
illustrated index of british shells by george brettingham sowerby
ghostly phenomena by elliot o'donnell
may carols by aubrey de vere
the flowers of evil by charles baudelaire
the bunsby papers by john brougham
happy hearts by june isle
the circassian chief by w. h. g. kingston
the disputed v.c. by frederick p. gibbon
more celtic fairy tales by various
the celtic magazine vol i no. v march 1876 by various
noble deeds of the world's heroines by henry charles moore
autumn glory by ren?azin
the girl who had nothing by mrs. c. n. williamson
tales from the german volume ii by carl franz van der velde
ariadne in mantua by vernon lee
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 1 1895 by various
the celtic magazine vol. i no. vi april 1886 by various
clara vaughan volume i (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
the time of roses by l. t. meade
the young dragoon by a. w. drayson
la sorci?: the witch of the middle ages by jules michelet
the phil may album by phil may
the prose writings of heinrich heine by heinrich heine
rhymes old and new by m.e.s. wright
the wind among the reeds by william butler yeats
joan of arc by jane alice sargant
the mandarin's fan by fergus hume
thomas carlyle by hector carsewell macpherson
sir brook fossbrooke volume i. by charles james lever
time in the play of hamlet by edward p. vining
diary of battery a first regiment rhode island light artillery
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 24 1887 by various
montgomery the capital city of alabama by anonymous
bygones worth remembering vol. 2 (of 2) by george jacob holyoake
ferdinand de soto the discoverer of the mississippi
the rival submarines by percy f. westerman
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume i by various
left to ourselves by catharine shaw
soyer's culinary campaign by alexis soyer
dante by philip h. wicksteed
reynolds by samuel levy bensusan
letters of major jack downing of the downingville militia seba smith
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 february 1865 by various
the chronicle of jocelin of brakelond: a picture of monastic
tales by polish authors by various
abb?ubain and mosaics by prosper m?m?
the youth of parnassus and other stories by logan pearsall smith
birds in london by w. h. hudson
how the bible was invented by m. m. mangasarian
nooks and corners of old paris by georges cain
scientific american vol. xliii.--no. 1. [new series.]
millais by alfred lys baldry
theological essays by charles bradlaugh
the monctons by susanna moodie
the foreign tour of messrs. brown jones and robinson by richard doyle
little henry and his bird by anonymous
my airships by alberto santos-dumont
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 14 1916 by various
it may be true vol. ii (of iii) by mrs. wood
australian pictures by howard willoughby
expositor's bible: the books of chronicles by william henry bennett
modern painters. vol. iii (of v) by john ruskin
the green fairy book by various
maps of old london by anonymous
eidolon by walter r. cassels
anxious audrey by mabel quiller-couch
ladies on horseback by nannie lambert
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume ii
among the brigands by james de mille
a treatise on the incubus or night-mare disturbed sleep
anne by constance fenimore woolson
mr. punch in the hunting field by various
tempest-driven (vol. iii of 3) by richard dowling
mrs. turner's cautionary stories by elizabeth turner
the red room by william le queux
the silver maple by marian keith
vermont riflemen in the war for the union 1861 to 1865
a thousand miles in the rob roy canoe on rivers
the sea by frederick whymper
charles lyell and modern geology by thomas george bonney
the last campaign of the twenty-second regiment n.g.
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 3 september 1848 by various
russian life to-day by right rev. herbert bury
how two boys made their own electrical apparatus
the marvellous history of the shadowless man and
bobby blake at rockledge school by frank a. warner
maori religion and mythology by edward shortland
stained glass of the middle ages in england and france by hugh arnold
the making of a saint by william somerset maugham
hypolympia by edmund gosse
renaissance fancies and studies by violet paget
the torn bible by alice somerton
the wonderful visit by herbert george wells
christ in the storm by anonymous
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 6 by various
david fleming's forgiveness by margaret murray robertson
a bayard from bengal by hurry bungsho jabberjee
judges and ruth by robert a. watson
about the holy bible by robert g. ingersoll
the story of john wesley by marianne kirlew
unlucky by caroline austin
alone with the hairy ainu by a. h. savage landor
the devil's elixir by e. t. a. hoffmann
mildred arkell (vol 1 of 3) by ellen wood
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 8 by various
frankenstein by mary shelley
the radicalism of shelley and its sources by daniel j. macdonald
the way to god and how to find it by dwight moody
alamo ranch by sarah warner brooks
notes and queries number 215 december 10 1853 by various
leaves for a christmas bough by unknown
phallic miscellanies by hargrave jennings
the cross in ritual architecture and art by geo. s. tyack
armorel of lyonesse by walter besant
the public life of queen victoria by john mcgilchrist
the school by the sea by angela brazil
old new england traits by anonymous
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 3 (of 6) by louis creswicke
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 2 no. 8 january 1851 by various
the paston letters volume iv (of 6) by james gairdner
kisington town by abbie farwell brown
english and scottish ballads (volume 3 of 8) by various
the adventures of john jewitt by john rodgers jewitt
dr. adriaan by louis couperus
portuguese architecture by walter crum watson
lady eureka v. 3 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
notes and queries vol. v number 121 february 21 1852 by various
lives of the fur folk by m. d. haviland
the battle of sempach by robert walser
buckskin mose by buckskin mose
advice to the people in general with regard to their health
observations on madness and melancholy by john haslam
notes and queries vol. iv number 110 december 6 1851 by various
the river-names of europe by robert ferguson
some experiences of an irish r.m.
webster's unabridged dictionary by various
royal children of english history by e. nesbit
thomas paine the apostle of liberty by john e. remsburg
sweethearts at home by s. r. crockett
the old riddle and the newest answer by john gerard
the girl crusoes by mrs. herbert strang
the deemster by hall caine
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 370 august 1846
oriental women by edward bagby pollard
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 31 1887 by various
what a young woman ought to know by mary wood-allen
the rolliad in two parts by george ellis french laurence
strictures on nullification by alexander hill everett
nooks and corners of english life past and present by john timbs
sketch of the life of abraham lincoln by isacc newton arnold
rambles beyond railways by wilkie collins
trevethlan (vol 3 of 3) by william davy watson
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 september 30 1914
a week at waterloo in 1815 by magdalene de lancey
mr. punch's pocket ibsen - a collection of some of the
rambles and studies in greece by j. p. mahaffy
the parson o' dumford by george manville fenn
rule of the monk by giuseppe garibaldi
diary from november 12 1862 to october 18 1863 by adam gurowski
the state of the blessed dead by henry alford
tried for her life by emma dorothy eliza nevitte southworth
the broken font vol. 1 (of 2) by moyle sherer
true and other stories by george parsons lathrop
the chase of the ruby by richard marsh
body parentage and character in history by furneaux jordan
english and scottish ballads volume vii (of 8) by various
letters to eugenia by baron d'holbach
old new zealand: by 'a pakeha maori'
english secularism by george jacob holyoake
live toys by emma davenport
a statistical inquiry into the nature and treatment of
expositor's bible: the gospel of st luke by henry burton
robin tremayne by emily sarah holt
the first seven divisions by ernest w. hamilton
la promessa sposa di lammermoor tomo iii (of 3) by sir walter scott
miles tremenhere vol 1 of 2 by annette marie maillard
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 353
the great company by beckles willson
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 4 1914 by various
in god's way by bj?tjerne bj?on
small souls by louis couperus
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 4 by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 no. 383 september 1847
the irish at the front by michael macdonagh
the life of isambard kingdom brunel civil engineer by isambard brunel
report of the committee appointed to investigate the
the heart of the white mountains their legend and scenery
born to wander by gordon stables
roster of company i 24th regiment massachusetts volunteers
the exploits and triumphs in europe of paul morphy the
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 3 no. 15 august 1851 by various
lawrence by samuel levy bensusan
the yellow fairy book by leonore blanche alleyne lang
the twickenham peerage by richard marsh
a treatise on anatomy physiology and hygiene (revised edition)
impressions of america by oscar wilde
bib-li-op-e-gis-tic (pertaining to the art of binding
ancient manners by pierre louys
japanese colour-prints and their designers by frederick gookin
the life of henriette sontag countess de rossi by various
the strand magazine volume v issue 29 may 1893 by various
such things are by mrs. inchbald
trevethlan: volume 1 by william davy watson
ali baba or the forty thieves by unknown
the island of gold by gordon stables
fictitious & symbolic creatures in art by john vinycomb
herman by e. werner
mated from the morgue by john augustus o'shea
the art of illustration by henry blackburn
the danes sketched by themselves. vol. iii (of 3) by various
the romance of polar exploration by g. firth scott
the rhodesian by gertrude page
the laughing mill and other stories by julian hawthorne
coal by raphael meldola
the gates of india by thomas holdich
nelson's home comforts by mary hooper
a vindication of the seventh-day sabbath by joseph bates
the bradys after a chinese princess by francis worcester doughty
rachel ray by anthony trollope
campobello by kate gannett wells
ladies' guide to true politeness and perfect manners by eliza leslie
vashti by augusta j. evans wilson
buzz a buzz by wilhelm busch
notes and queries number 232 april 8 1854 by various
the strand magazine volume i issue 2 february 1891 by various
the secret of charlotte bront?by frederika macdonald
practical education volume i by maria edgeworth
sylvie: souvenirs du valois by g?rd de nerval
history of the sixteenth connecticut volunteers by b. f. blakeslee
robert coverdale's struggle by horatio jr. alger
canadian eclipse party 1869 by commander e. d. ashe
the little princess of tower hill by l. t. meade
wau-nan-gee or the massacre at chicago by major john richardson
the mother of parliaments by harry graham
the future of brooklyn by alfred c. chapin
history of farming in ontario by c. c. james
the mystery of the sea by bram stoker
secret history of the court of england from the accession
frederick hale by anonymous
pathfinders of the great plains by lawrence j. burpee
the bacchae of euripides by euripedes
literary fables of yriarte by tomas de iriarte
in-door gardening for every week in the year by william keane
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 389 march 1848
in a glass darkly v. 3/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
miscellaneous aphorisms; the soul of man by oscar wilde
the green casket by mary louisa molesworth
the strange story book by mrs. andrew lang
lady eureka v. 2 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 56 number 349
list of kegan paul trench and co.'s publications (1887) by anonymous
sacred hymns from the german by various
three in norway by james arthur lees and walter j. clutterbuck
practical education volume ii by maria edgeworth
synopsis of jewish history by henry a. henry
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
beautiful bulbous plants by john weathers
burne-jones by alfred lys baldry
sixty years a queen by sir herbert maxwell
aubrey beardsley by robert ross
the myxomycetes of the miami valley ohio by a. p. morgan
the piskey-purse by enys tregarthen
plato and the other companions of sokrates
the influence of the organ in history by dudley buck
mabel vol. iii (of 3) by emma newby
sir brook fossbrooke volume ii. by charles james lever
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
speeches and addresses of h. r. h. the prince of wales:
the autobiography of sergeant william lawrence by william lawrence
an examination of the testimony of the four evangelists
cudjo's cave by j. t. trowbridge
cornell nature-study leaflets by various
the english stage by augustin filon
women in the printing trades by various
degeneracy by eugene s. talbot
servants of the guns by jeffery e. jeffery
problems of the pacific by frank fox
poems & parodies by t. m. kettle
in the andamans and nicobars by c. boden kloss
memoir of an eventful expedition in central america by pedro velasquez
one snowy night by emily sarah holt
short stories by fyodor dostoyevsky
lord stranleigh abroad by robert barr
a history of the cries of london by charles hindley
waihoura the maori girl by w. h. g. kingston
asparagus its culture for home use and for market by f. m. hexamer
ayala's angel by anthony trollope
a journey from prince of wales's fort in hudson's bay to the northern
byron by richard edgcumbe
her royal highness woman by max o'rell
letters of david ricardo to thomas robert malthus 1810-1823
notes and queries vol. iv number 100 september 27 1851 by various
a widow's tale and other stories by mrs. (margaret) oliphant
stand fast craig-royston! (volume ii) by william black
the big nightcap letters by frances elizabeth barrow
turkey by julius r. van millingen
tales from the 'phantasus' etc. of ludwig tieck by ludwig tieck
inspiration and interpretation by john burgon
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
electric bells and all about them by s. r. bottone
a moral alphabet by hilaire belloc
punch or the london charivari january 12th 1895 by various
science and medieval thought by sir thomas clifford allbutt
dress as a fine art by mary philadelphia merrifield
pilgrimage from the alps to the tiber by james aitken wylie
stories for helen by eliza leslie
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution vol. ix
liberty in the nineteenth century by frederic may holland
baby nightcaps by frances elizabeth barrow
little ann and other poems by jane taylor and ann taylor
the wizard of west penwith by william bentinck forfar
plain introduction to the criticism of the new testament
the new york stock exchange and public opinion by otto hermann kahn
ethel morton at chautauqua by mabell s. c. smith
the art of amusing by frank bellew
a history of art in ancient egypt vol. ii (of 2)
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
little wolf by m. a. cornelius
an isle in the water by katharine tynan
tales of the wonder club by m. y. halidom
great englishwomen by m. b. synge
proceedings of the second national conservation congress by various
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the devil's elixir by e. t. a. hoffmann
the monkey's frolic by anonymous
great musical composers by george t. ferris
poems on travel by various
tourcoing by hilaire belloc
the bad family and other stories by mrs. fenwick
pomo bear doctors by samuel alfred barrett
american antiquities by wm. b. norman
the surrender of calais by george colman
under a charm vol. i (of iii) by e. werner
wigwam and war-path; or the royal chief in chains
the utah batteries: a history by charles r. mabey
london before the conquest by w. r. lethaby
unto this last and other essays on political economy by john ruskin
notes and queries vol. v number 129 april 17 1852 by various
lippincott's magazine vol. 26 october 1880 by various
a safety match by ian hay
pip by ian hay
history of the intellectual development of europe volume ii (of 2)
notes in north africa by w. g. windham
transactions of the american society of civil engineers vol.
mr. punch with the children by various
the house that grew by mrs. molesworth
the south isles of aran by oliver j. burke
a bilateral division of the parietal bone in a chimpanzee;
frank merriwell's backers by burt l. standish
the leader of the lower school by angela brazil
the haunted homestead by e. d. e. n. southworth
punch or the london charivari volume 107 july 21 1894 by various
incentives to the study of the ancient period of american
the temple of glass by john lydgate
the history of the knights templars the temple church
england by frank fox
the cave twins by lucy fitch perkins
gen. cowdin and the first massachusetts regiment of volunteers
adventures among the red indians by h. w. g. hyrst
church history vol. 3 of 3 by j. h. kurtz
modern painters volume iv (of v) by john ruskin
chapters in the history of the insane in the british isles
constance sherwood by lady georgiana fullerton
tintoretto by samuel levy bensusan
quicksilver sue by laura elizabeth howe richards
personal recollections of chickamauga by james r. carnahan
association football by john cameron
lectures on bible revision by samuel newth
a new illustrated edition of j. s. rarey's art
murillo by s. l. bensusan
alone on an island by w. h. g. kingston
notes and queries number 138 june 19 1852 by various
titan: a romance v. 1 (of 2) by jean paul friedrich richter
the man in black by stanley j. weyman
a succinct account of the plague at marseilles
josh billings on ice by henry wheeler shaw
the tale of timber town by alfred grace
history of don quixote de la mancha by miguel de cervantes saavedra
abbotsford by anonymous
paris and the parisians in 1835 (vol. 2 of 2) by frances trollope
the deluge and other poems by john presland
in quest of gold by alfred st. johnston
the pirate and the three cutters by frederick marryat
notes on the book of genesis by charles henry mackintosh
tales from the german by various
whoso findeth a wife by william le queux
sweet mace by george manville fenn
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the strand magazine vol. 1 - no. 1 - january 1891 by various
a vanished hand by sarah doudney
the confessions of a poacher by anonymous
a boy of the dominion by f. s. brereton
the peddler's boy by francis c. woodworth
paul bunyan and his loggers by otis t. howd and cloice r. howd
30000 locked out. by james c. beeks
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no. 398
materfamilias by ada cambridge
tales from blackwood by various
court beauties of old whitehall by w. r. h. trowbridge
friends by wilfrid wilson gibson
the snow-image by nathaniel hawthorne
the decadent by ralph adams cram
the imitator by percival pollard
education in the home the kindergarten and
puppets at large by f. anstey
the history of the five indian nations of canada
ben the luggage boy by horatio alger
british butterflies by w. s. coleman
ted marsh on an important mission by elmer sherwood
a concise biographical sketch of william penn by charles evans
ladies in the field by various
jonathan and his continent by max o'rell and jack allyn
the rise of the mediaeval church by alexander clarence flick
description of the coasts of east africa and malabar by duarte barbosa
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 91 may 1865 by various
the priestly vocation by bishop bernard ward
the story of peter pan by daniel stephen o'connor
the black man the father of civilization by james morris webb
the swan and her crew by george christopher davies
my first book by various
the white lie by william le queux
life and correspondence of david hume volume ii (of 2)
a christmas carol by charles dickens
calumny refuted by facts from liberia by wilson armistead
folk-lore and legends: oriental by charles john tibbitts
mr. punch's golf stories by various
by force of impulse by harry v. vogt
the battle of life by charles dickens
the white shield by bertram mitford
british quarterly review american edition volume liv by various
annals of a fortress by e. viollet-le-duc
fossil ice crystals by johan august udden
byways of ghost-land by elliott o'donnell
nooks and corners of the new england coast by samuel adams drake
the philosophy of the weather by thomas belden butler
the struggle between president johnson and congress
cornish catches by bernard moore
lancashire by leo hartley grindon
plato and the other companions of sokrates
in convent walls by emily sarah holt
the nursery december 1877 vol. xxii no. 6 by various
arts and crafts essays by various
akra the slave by wilfrid wilson gibson
a rent in a cloud by charles james lever
the trail-hunter by gustave aimard
ancient pagan and modern christian symbolism
authors and writers associated with morristown by julia keese colles
holman hunt by mary e. coleridge
to the work! to the work! by dwight moody
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 26 1887 by various
the king of pirates by daniel defoe
the history of company c seventh regiment o.v.i by theodore wilder
aletta by bertram mitford
out on the pampas by g. a. henty
notes and queries number 218 december 31 1853 by various
the literature of the old testament by george foot moore
art in shell of the ancient americans by william h. holmes
all about ferrets and rats by adolph isaacsen
ten years among the mail bags by james holbrook
the nursery march 1877 vol xxi no. 3 by various
the third class at miss kaye's by angela brazil
wilhelm meister's apprenticeship and travels vol. i (of 2)
present irish questions by william o'connor morris
the moths of the british isles first series by richard south
bernardino luini by james mason
ethel morton at sweetbrier lodge by mabell s. c. smith
euphorion by vernon lee
the curse of koshiu by lewis wingfield
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 60 no. 373 november 1846
eleven possible cases by frank r. stockton maurice thompson
notes and queries vol. iv number 98 september 13 1851 by various
a letter to the hon. samuel eliot representative in
the nursery august 1877 vol. xxii no. 2 by various
free trade with india by common sense
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 14th 1894 by various
punch or the london charivari vol 150 february 9 1916 by various
notes and queries number 177 march 19 1853 by various
the call of the mountains by james e. pickering
geology by james geikie
monopolies and the people by d. c. cloud
cathedral cities of spain by w. w. collins
the conscript by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
riven bonds. vol. i. by e. werner
travels in south kensington by moncure daniel conway
hollyhock by l. t. meade
giotto by harry quilter
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 1 (of 3)
the irish penny journal no. 2 vol. i july 11 1840 by various
the hearth-stone by samuel osgood
the book of religions by john hayward
notes and queries vol. iv number 105 november 1 1851 by various
notes and queries vol. iv number 89 july 12 1851 by various
letters to eugenia by paul henri thiry holbach
an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth
sermon delivered before his excellency edward everett governor
hints to husbands by george morant
my friends the savages by giovanni battista cerruti
the character of the british empire by ramsay muir
how to stuff birds and animals by aaron a. warford
jemima placid by mary ann kilner
faithful margaret by annie ashmore
albania by e. f. knight
manual for noncommissioned officers and privates of
is the bible worth reading and other essays by lemuel k. washburn
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 november 11 1893 by various
the sea by frederick whymper
historical description of westminster abbey by anonymous
records of the spanish inquisition by andrew dickson white
the temptress by william le queux
sea-weeds shells and fossils by peter gray and b. b. woodward
gabriel by salomon kohn
psychic phenomena by edward t. bennett
the king's post by r. c. tombs
punch or the london charivari vol. cl april 26 1916 by various
epistles of st. peter and st. jude preached and explained
allopathy and homoeopathy before the judgement of common sense!
belcaro by vernon lee
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution volume 3
a practical novelist by john davidson
walladmor: by thomas de quincey
underground man by gabriel tarde
notes and queries vol. v number 126 march 27 1852 by various
a golfing idyll by violet flint and a. islay bannerman
mohawks volume 1 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
nuala o'malley by h. bedford-jones
tales of passed times by charles perrault
the development of metaphysics in persia by muhammad iqbal
reminiscences incidents battles marches and camp life
napoleon's letters to josephine by henry foljambe hall
the weird sisters volume i (of 3) by richard dowling
the story of the zulu campaign by waller ashe and e. v. wyatt-edgell
the sacred egoism of sinn fein by gnathai gan iarraidh
the indian princess by james nelson barker
the palace in the garden by mary louisa molesworth
the home medical library volume i (of vi) by kenelm winslow
works of robert louis stevenson volume xxi by robert louis stevenson
rhyme? and reason? by lewis carroll
prices of books by henry b. wheatley
plain words for christ by reginald g. dutton
the ocean waifs by mayne reid
the child's book about moses by anonymous
'farewell nikola' by guy boothby
rambles of a naturalist by john d. godman
notes on stable management in india and the colonies by joshua a. nunn
comets and meteors by daniel kirkwood
beethoven's symphonies critically discussed by alexander teetgen
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 93 july 1865 by various
six prize hawaiian stories of the kilohana art league
the black poodle by f. anstey
quips and quiddities by william davenport adams
secret service submarine by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
the nursery april 1877 vol. xxi no. 4 by various
vestiges of the mayas by augustus le plongeon
the baptist magazine vol. 27 june 1835 by various
america discovered by the welsh in 1170 a.d.by benjamin franklin bowen
the third day at stone's river by gilbert c. kniffin
oscar wilde: art and morality by stuart mason
an ode by madison j. cawein
adventures in the philippine islands by paul p. de la gironi?
mortomley's estate vol. i (of 3)
the cape peninsula by rn juta
st. patrick's eve by charles james lever
mary by bjornstjerne bjornson
principles of decorative design by christopher dresser
partners by e. werner
the last call (vol. 2 of 3) by richard dowling
the boys' and girls' library by various
medival byways by louis f. salzmann
tales from blackwood volume 3 by various
the pobratim by p. jones
american gentleman's guide to politeness and fashion by henry lunettes
inchbracken by robert cleland
the expositor's bible: the book of joshua by william garden blaikie
leinster by stephen lucius gwynn
whistler by t. martin wood
reminiscences of service with the first volunteer regiment of
american flower garden directory by thomas hibbert and robert buist
sermons by j. b. lightfoot
fairy circles by unknown
terry's trials and triumphs by j. macdonald oxley
little frankie on a journey by madeline leslie
red white blue socks part first by sarah l barrow
stand fast craig-royston! (volume iii) by william black
the grotesque in church art by t. tindall wildridge
life of robert burns by thomas carlyle
tom clark and his wife by paschal beverly randolph
'jena' or 'sedan'? by franz beyerlein
the adventurers of england on hudson bay by agnes christina laut
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
the count's chauffeur by william le queux
japanese swords by anonymous
history of the dewitt guard company a 50th regiment
constitution of the state of north carolina and copy of
army of the cumberland and the battle of stone's river
hints on the use and handling of firearms generally
captain kyd (vol 1 of 2) by jonathon holt ingraham
the perjur'd husband by susanna centlivre
an account of the diseases which were most frequent
fungi: their nature and uses by mordecai cubitt cooke
calamities and quarrels of authors by isaac disraeli
photogravure by henry r. blaney
nooks and corners of pembrokeshire by h. thornhill timmins
the law and the poor by edward abbott parry
her majesty's mails by william lewins
jimmy quixote by tom gallon
queens of the french stage by h. noel williams
time and tide by weare and tyne by john ruskin
through the land of the serb by mary edith durham
the undying past by hermann sudermann
in answer to prayer by w. boyd carpenter theodore l. cuyler
the only true mother goose melodies by munroe and francis
danes saxons and normans by john g. edgar
the spook ballads by william theodore parkes
the religion of geology and its connected sciences by edward hitchcock
the forests of mount rainier national park by grenville f. allen
memorials of the sea by william scoresby
legends of the north; the guidman o' inglismill
the girls of st. cyprian's by angela brazil
the weird sisters volume ii (of 3) by richard dowling
the wives of henry the eighth and the parts they played
godfrey marten undergraduate by charles turley
laura middleton; her brother and her lover by anonymous
memoir of queen adelaide by dr. john doran
the story of the earth and man by j. w. dawson
an isle of surrey by richard dowling
for sceptre and crown vol. ii (of ii) by gregor samarow
leighton by a. lys baldry
old new zealand by a pakeha maori
reincarnations by james stephens
medical experts: investigation of insanity by juries by w. s. thorne
the golden bough third edition vol. 7 of 12 by james george frazer
expositor's bible: the second epistle to the corinthians
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 28th 1916 by various
notes and queries vol. v number 128 april 10 1852 by various
cape of storms by percival pollard
charles lever his life in his letters vol. ii (of ii)
a life sentence by adeline sergeant
the ascent of the matterhorn by edward whymper
the american missionary volume 39 no. 02 february 1885 by various
cuba past and present by richard davey
the battleship boys' first step upward by frank gee patchin
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol. iii no. xvii october 1851various
the oregon territory by travers twiss
physiology of the opera by john h. swaby
expositor's bible: the epistle to the hebrews
the expositor's bible: the book of exodus by g. a. chadwick
summer cruising in the south seas by charles warren stoddard
the acts of uniformity by t.a. lacey
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 october 20 1894 by various
ormond volume ii (of 3) by charles brockden brown
an edinburgh eleven by j. m. barrie
a claim on klondyke by edward roper
bruin by mayne reid
selected poems of francis thompson by francis thompson
piccadilly by laurence oliphant
canzoni & ripostes by ezra pound and t.e. hulme
orientations by william somerset maugham
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 8 by various
delacroix by paul g. konody
a day with keats by may clarissa gillington byron
a tramp's wallet by william duthie
climbing in the british isles vol. ii
notes and queries vol. iv number 99 september 20 1851 by various
fires - book i by wilfrid wilson gibson
scottish football reminiscences and sketches by david drummond bone
real gold by george manville fenn
the count of narbonne by robert jephson
human animals by frank hamel
beatrice boville and other stories by ouida
vassall morton by francis parkman
fresh light from the ancient monuments by archibald henry sayce
the gentleman and lady's book of politeness and propriety
the medley by anonymous
a cursory history of swearing by julian sharman
a letter to hon. charles sumner by hamilton wilcox pierson
the recruiting officer by george farquhar
on some ancient battle-fields in lancashire by charles hardwick
history of the second massachusetts regiment of infantry:
the inconstant by george farquhar
a rich man's relatives (vol. 2 of 3) by robert cleland
traditional nursery songs of england by various
the conduct of life by ralph waldo emerson
supernatural religion vol. iii. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
the burning of chambersburg pennsylvania
hansel and gretel by adelheid wette and engelbert humperdinck
essays upon some controverted questions by thomas h. huxley
the princess of bagdad by alexandre dumas
engraving for illustration by joseph kirkbride
hymns from the east by john brownlie
the expositor's bible: the prophecies of jeremiah by c j ball
a word to women by mrs. c. e. humphry
venice preserved by thomas otway
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
mr. punch awheel by j. a. hammerton
miss marjoribanks by mrs margaret oliphant
life of mary queen of scots volume ii (of 2) by henry glassford bell
barbarossa; an historical novel of the xii century
retrospect of western travel volume ii (of 2) by harriet martineau
concerning lafcadio hearn by george m. gould
withered leaves. vol. iii.(of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
the awakening of the soul by muhammad ibn 'abd al-malik ibn tufail
the prayers of st. paul by w. h. griffith thomas
pencillings by the way by n. parker willis
nurse and spy in the union army by s. emma e. edmonds
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the fairy-faith in celtic countries by w. y. evans wentz
curiosities of superstition by w. h. davenport adams
palmetto-leaves by harriet beecher stowe
thomas paine by robert g. ingersoll
adventures of working men by george manville fenn
the winning of the golden spurs by percy f. westerman
prize orations of the intercollegiate peace association
good luck by l. t. meade
the american housewife by anonymous
man and maid by edith nesbit
notes and queries number 225 february 18 1854 by various
ethnology of the ungava district hudson bay territory
among the tibetans by isabella l. bird
renaissance in italy: italian literature by john addington symonds
chats to 'cello students by arthur broadley
treatise on meteorological instruments
the mad lover by francis beaumont and john fletcher
the sportswoman's library vol. 1 of 2 by various
campaign of the first troop philadelphia city cavalry by james cooper
the wanderer (volume 2 of 5) by fanny burney
courage true hearts by gordon stables
leadwork by w. r. lethaby
humpty dumpty's little son by helen reid cross
the traditional games of england scotland and ireland
shakspere & typography by william blades
frank in the woods by harry castlemon
the court houses of a century by kenneth w. mckay
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 3 by various
triumphs of invention and discovery in art and science
memoirs of a surrey labourer by george sturt
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 4
the american missionary - volume 39 no. 08 august 1885 by various
with rifle and bayonet by f.s. brereton
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 2 july 1850. by various
the lady of the forest by l. t. meade
the magistrate by arthur pinero
the life of thomas wanless peasant by alexander johnstone wilson
the free lances by mayne reid
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume i
studies in spermatogenesis by nettie maria stevens
tom brown's school days by thomas hughes
w.p. nimmo catalogue selected list 1890 by various
the regular brigade of the fourteenth army corps the army
poems by rainer maria rilke
creatures of the night by alfred w. rees
blake's burden by harold bindloss
the theory and practice of model aeroplaning by v. e. johnson
betty's battles by s. l. m
an account of the growth of deism in england by william stephens
dragons of the air by h. g. seeley
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 354 april 1845 various
liquid drops and globules by chas. r. darling
the coming of evolution by john wesley judd
very short stories and verses for children by mrs. w. k. clifford
oscar wilde by arthur ransome
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume xxxiii 1519-1522
the book of isaiah volume i (of 2) by george adam smith
concerning children by charlotte perkins gilman
calvinistic controversy by wilbur fisk
history of roman literature from its earliest period
the alps by martin conway
the new irish constitution by various
twenty-five years in a waggon in south africa by andrew a. anderson
clara vaughan volume iii (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
algic researches comprising inquiries respecting the
notes and queries vol. iv number 113 december 27 1851 by various
cato by joseph addison
nanny merry by anonymous
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
four years a scout and spy by e. c. downs
heresy: its utility and morality by charles bradlaugh
the mercenary by w. j. eccott
a search for a secret (vol 3 of 3) by g. a. henty
red riding hood by lydia l. very
the blacksmith's hammer or the peasant code by eug? sue
the curtezan unmasked by annonymous (a spiritual physician)
the speech of monkeys by r. l. garner
st. paul's epistle to the romans vol. ii by charles gore
zero the slaver by lawrence fletcher
a history of the philippines by david p. barrows
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume iv
religion in the heavens by logan mitchell
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
theory and practice applied to the cultivation of the
ten thousand a-year. volume 3 by samuel warren
ludicrous aspects of christianity by austin holyoak
ulster by stephen lucius gwynn
the man who drove the car by max pemberton
a day's ride by charles james lever
donald ross of heimra volume ii of 3 by william black
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
a letter to a gentleman in the country from his friend in london
captain kyd vol. ii by jonathon holt ingraham
the cid campeador by antonio de trueba
poems of london and other verses by john presland
publications of the society for promoting christian knowledge (1902)
vidyapati bangiya padabali by vidyapati thakura
antonio stradivari by horace william petherick
an impromptu ascent of mont blanc by w. h. le mesurier
the weird of the wentworths vol. 1 by johannes scotus
the age of dryden by richard garnett
the strand magazine - vol. 1 - no. 3 - march 1891 by various
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 6 by various
ormond volume iii (of 3) by charles brockden brown
peace with mexico by albert gallatin
the kidnapped president by guy boothby
a mad love by bertha m. clay
the cambrian sketch-book by r. rice davies
maud florence nellie by c. r. coleridge
in the van; or the builders by john price-brown
warriors of old japan and other stories by yei theodora ozaki
remarks on a pamphlet lately published by the rev. mr. maskelyne
cedar creek by elizabeth hely walshe
wild ducks by w. coape oates
the rogues and vagabonds of shakespeare's youth
phoebe junior by mrs [margaret] oliphant
the princess galva by david whitelaw
salome by emma marshall
a christmas child by mrs. molesworth
english and scottish ballads by various
morals in trade and commerce by frank b. anderson
renshaw fanning's quest by bertram mitford
southern spain by a. f. calvert
wood and garden by gertrude jekyll
the church of england cleared from the charge of schism
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
marvels of pond-life by henry j. slack
tales of northumbria by howard pease
the baron's yule feast: a christmas rhyme by thomas cooper
cottontail rabbits in relation to trees and farm crops by d. lantz
switzerland by frank fox
the nursery february 1878 vol. xxiii no. 2 by various
sant of the secret service by william le queux
pedagogics as a system by karl rosenkranz
victor's triumph by mrs. e. d. e. n. southworth
nature by ralph waldo emerson
lives of illustrious shoemakers by william edward winks
myra's well by george francis dawson
the eye of istar by william le queux
absolution by clara viebig
the rainbow after the thunder-storm by anonymous
deutschland ber allah by e. f. benson
the funny side of physic by a. d. crabtre
the atlantic monthly volume 17 no. 99 january 1866 by various
the migration of birds by t. a. coward
watteau by c. lewis hind
the bondman by hall caine
a desperate voyage by edward frederick knight
the travelling companions by f. anstey
charlie newcomer by wilbur b. stover
l'illustration no. 3647 18 janvier 1913 by various
is life worth living without immortality? by m. m. mangasarian
kentucky poems by madison j. cawein
the chain of life in geological time by sir j. william dawson
with our fighting men by william e. sellers
supernatural religion vol. i. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 119 september 1867 by various
friend island by francis stevens
church reform by richard carlile
sketch of the life and labors of george whitefield
the ice queen by ernest ingersoll
the childhood of king erik menved by bernhard severin ingemann
notes and queries number 167 january 8 1853 by various
reminiscences of a canadian pioneer for the last fifty years
the affair at the inn by kate douglas wiggin
the american egypt by channing arnold and frederick j. tabor frost
the haunted room by a. l. o. e
memoir of hendrick zwaardecroon commandeur of jaffnapatam
andr?by william dunlap
cleo the magnificent by louis zangwill
vestigia by george fleming
notes and queries vol. iv number 107 november 15 1851 by various
watch and wait by oliver optic
birds illustrated by color photograph [march 1897] by various
curiosities of light and sight by shelford bidwell
with manchesters in the east by gerald b. hurst
a flight with the swallows by emma marshall
a sketch-book of r. caldecott's by randolph caldecott
twelve years of a soldier's life in india by w. s. r. hodson
the religious tract society catalogue - 1889 by various
stories of london by e. l. hoskyn
the history of peru by henry s. beebe
biographia scoticana (scots worthies) by john howie
evangelists of art by james patrick
international monthly volume 4 no. 4 november 1 1851 by various
the slang dictionary by john camden hotten
life in an indian outpost by gordon casserly
every boy's book: a complete encyclop?a of sports
through the postern gate by florence l. barclay
the place of anarchism in socialistic evolution by pierre kropotkin
the cat of bubastes by g. a. henty
strive and thrive by anonymous
arthur machen by vincent starrett
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 7 by various
the rector by mrs. margaret oliphant
how to prosper in boll weevil territory by g. h. alford
renaissance in italy: italian literature by john addington symonds
an englishman in paris by albert dresden vandam
general gordon by seton churchill
the betrothal by maurice maeterlinck
the conditions of catholics under james i by john gerard
harper's new monthly magazine vol. ii no. x march 1851 by various
the motor girls at lookout beach by margaret penrose
the adventures of a cat by alfred elwes
scandinavians on the pacific puget sound by thomas ostenson stine
the ports harbours watering-places and picturesque scenery
rodman the keeper by constance fenimore woolson
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 1 by robert h. newell
trial of c. b. reynolds for blasphemy by robert g. ingersoll
the ledge on bald face by charles g. d. roberts
the golden bough third edition vol. 9 of 12 by james george frazer
belford's magazine vol. ii no. 3 february 1889 by various
the storm by daniel defoe
dorothy payne quakeress by ella kent barnard
if yes and perhaps by edward everett hale
notes on old edinburgh by isabella l. bird
anthropology by daniel garrison brinton
eureka: by edgar a. poe
the freebooters by gustave aimard
fishing in british columbia by thomas wilson lambert
the eighteenth century in english caricature by selwyn brinton
the spanish tragedy by thomas kyd
a very naughty girl by l. t. meade
meteorology by j. g. m'pherson
dealings with the dead volume i (of 2) by a sexton of the old school
jean baptiste by james edward le rossignol
household organization by florence caddy
seven frozen sailors by george manville fenn
forty years of 'spy' by leslie ward
the central eskimo by franz boas
shakespeare jest-books; by unknown
turkish and other baths by gordon stables
the pit town coronet volume ii (of 3) by charles james wills
against odds by lawrence l. lynch
holidays & happy-days by hamish hendry
the life and writings of henry fuseli volume iii (of 3)
the ladies' work-table book by anonymous
old scrooge: a christmas carol in five staves by charles a. scott
the gn? of the light by f. lamplugh
the shepheard's calender by edmund spenser
the hazeley family by a. e. johnson
the last of their race by annie s. swan
the coming of the king by james hocking
opportunities by susan warner
apparitions; or the mystery of ghosts hobgoblins and
george morland by edward d. cuming
valeria by william henry withrow
plain facts by g. a. bauman
current history vol. viii no. 3 june 1918 by various
spun-yarn and spindrift by norah m. holland
the red cockade by stanley j. weyman
confessions of con cregan by charles james lever
the red white and green by herbert hayens
silver links by various
through welsh doorways by jeannette augustus marks
supplement to punch or the london charivari.
the affecting case of the unfortunate thomas daniels
the works of robert louis stevenson swanston edition
marion fay by anthony trollope
trees. a woodland notebook by herbert maxwell
william shakespeare by samuel levy bensusan
lady's captivity among chinese pirates in the chinese seas
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
the red room by august strindberg
under the mendips by emma marshall
knowledge is power: by charles knight
musical criticisms by arthur johnstone
love among the lions by f. anstey
lecture on artificial flight by wm. g. krueger
a lively bit of the front by percy f. westerman
a complete edition of the works of nancy luce by nancy luce
a search for a secret (vol 1 of 3) by g. a. henty
a rebel war clerk's diary at the confederate states capital
the star-gazers by george manville fenn
omens and superstitions of southern india by edgar thurston
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
mr. punch's country life by various
wee wifie by rosa nouchette carey
autobiography of z. s. hastings by z. s. hastings
the golden helm by wilfrid wilson gibson
the flaming sword in serbia and elsewhere
notes and queries vol. v number 132 may 8 1852 by various
introduction--study of history by charles v. langlois et al
love in the suds: a town eclogue by william kenrick
pioneer day exercises by the schoolcraft michigan
the tree of knowledge by mrs. baillie reynolds
a letter to lord robert bertie by anonymous
the old road by hilaire belloc
patricia brent spinster by herbert jenkins
seaside studies in natural history by elizabeth cabot cary agassiz
the medicine-men of the apache (1892 n 09 / 1887-1888
sturdy and strong by g. a. henty
graham's magazine vol. xxxii no. 2. february 1848 by various
the balladists by john geddie
the shores of the adriatic by f. hamilton jackson
tales from blackwood volume 6 by various
thirty-seven days of peril by truman everts
an alphabetical list of books contained in bohn's libraries
memoirs of emma courtney by mary hays
the motor girls at camp surprise by margaret penrose
blackwood's magazine january 1845 by various
alice's adventures in wonderland by lewis carroll
salom by oscar wilde
observations on insanity by john haslam
the new mistress by george manville fenn
all men are ghosts by l. p. jacks
ole bull by sara c. bull
minority report of the committee on railways in relation to
stories from the faerie queen by edmund spenser and jeanie lang
specimens of german romance; vol. ii. master flea
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
preliminary study of the emotion of love between the sexes
the house in town by susan warner
sketches of reforms and reformers of great britain and
norston's rest by ann s. stephens
notes and queries vol. iii number 87 june 28 1851 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 98
a bed of roses by w. l. george
the panama canal and its makers by vaughan cornish
pot-boilers by clive bell
mark gildersleeve by john s. sauzade
the essential faith of the universal church by harriet martineau
minutes of the proceedings of the second convention of
a civil servant in burma by herbert thirkel white
a historic sketch lest we forget company e 26th ohio
the flying boat by herbert strang
the panama canal by j. saxon mills
the man with a shadow by george manville fenn
susan and edward by anonymous
punch and judy with instructions how to manage the little actors
tales and legends of the english lakes by wilson armistead
when a man's single by j. m. barrie
bygone cumberland and westmorland by daniel scott
an address delivered at the interment of mrs. harriet
memoranda on the maya calendars used in the books of chilan
blackie & sons catalogue - 1886 by various
the south-west by jonathon holt ingraham
england canada and the great war by louis-georges desjardins
frye's practical candy maker by george v. frye
the civil war in america by sir william howard russell
brighter britain! (volume 1 of 2) by william delisle hay
the plowshare and the sword by ernest george henham
the lost heir by g. a. henty
the christian creed; or what it is blasphemy to deny by annie besant
the council of dogs by william roscoe
the thistle and the cedar of lebanon by habeeb risk allah
a system of practical medicine by american authors vol. i by various
rowing by rudolf chambers lehmann
the three perils of man vol. 3 (of 3) by james hogg
cornish characters by s. baring-gould
yachting vol. 2 by r. t. pritchett marquis durrerin
olive in italy by moray dalton
greuze by alys eyre macklin
the ministry of intercession by andrew murray
in the land of the great snow bear by gordon stables
the weird of the wentworths vol. 2 by johannes scotus
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
the near east by robert hichens
from the st. lawrence to the yser with the 1st canadian brigade
poems by robert lovell and robert southey
the house by the lock by a. m. williamson
the nursery june 1877 vol. xxi no. 6 by various
three little women by gabrielle e. jackson
'tween snow and fire by bertram mitford
a hero of romance by richard marsh
notes and queries vol. iv number 97 september 6 1851 by various
the only woman in the town by sarah j. prichard
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 february 8 1890 by various
submarine u93 by charles gilson
helps to latin translation at sight by edmund luce
the education of children by desiderius erasmus
the natural history of cage birds by j. m. bechstein
commander lawless v.c. by rolf bennett
lyre and lancet by f. anstey
better than play by mabel quiller-couch
the backwoodsman by various
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 95 september 1865 by various
mattie:--a stray (vol 3 of 3) by frederick william robinson
eidola by frederic manning
the fighting governor by charles w. colby
the interpreter by g. j. whyte-melville
the thames by g. e. mitton
nuts to crack; or quips quirks anecdote and facete of
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 april 19 1916 by various
the prince of parthia by thomas godfrey
tempest-driven (vol. ii of 3) by richard dowling
love's usuries by louis creswicke
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
early travels in palestine by arculf et al
the legendary and poetical remains of john roby by john roby
the winter solstice altars at hano pueblo by j. walter fewkes
under a charm vol. ii. (of iii) by e. werner
the african colony by john buchan
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 7 1914 by various
journal of voyages by jacob dunham
history of modern philosophy by alfred william benn
rulers of india: akbar by george bruce malleson
for sceptre and crown vol. i (of ii) by gregor samarow
curious epitaphs by various
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 2 (of 3)
shirley by charlotte bront?
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 9 by various
notes and queries vol. v number 120 february 14 1852 by various
into the unknown by lawrence fletcher
two little waifs by mrs. molesworth
beaumont & fletcher's works (8 of 10) by francis beaumont
the soul stealer by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. xx.
the rebellion in the cevennes an historical novel
english songs and ballads by various
lives of celebrated women by samuel griswold goodrich
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 6 by various
witch stories by elizabeth lynn linton
a noble woman by ann s. stephens
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 21 1914 by various
a logic of facts by george jacob holyoake
lippincott's magazine vol. 20 no. 33 november 1877 by various
myths of the norsemen by h. a. guerber
hansford: a tale of bacon's rebellion by st. george tucker
windyridge by w. riley
the jews of barnow by karl emil franzos
every man his own doctor by r. t. claridge
poetry by thomas oldham
the expositor's bible: the book of revelation by william milligan
money by john p. jones
a few words about the devil by charles bradlaugh
the siege of norwich castle by matilda maria blake
the scottish fairy book by elizabeth w. grierson
kant's theory of knowledge by harold arthur prichard
what gunpowder plot was by samuel rawson gardiner
stromboli and the guns by francis gribble
brave old salt by oliver optic
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 4 of 4: s-z
flags: by andrew macgeorge
works of francis maitland balfour volume 1 by francis maitland balfour
rustic sounds by francis darwin
the spirit of god as fire by d. mortimore
the practical joke by anonymous
the boys and i by mrs. molesworth
the ethnology of the british islands by robert gordon latham
the history of creation vol. ii (of 2) by ernst haeckel
only one love or who was the heir by charles garvice
secret history of the court of england from the accession
frivolities by richard marsh
the world masters by george griffith
lectures on the philosophy and practice of slavery by william a. smith
jethro wood inventor of the modern plow by frank gilbert
south africa and the transvaal war vol. iv (of 6) by louis creswicke
thoughts out of season part 2 by friedrich nietzsche
english-bisaya grammar by various
sir thomas urquhart of cromartie knight by john willcock
visits to monasteries in the levant by robert curzon
report of the hoosac tunnel and troy and greenfield railroad by
bygones worth remembering vol. 1 (of 2) by george jacob holyoake
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxiii--april 1852.--vol. iv
white nights and other stories by fyodor dostoevsky
filippo lippi by paul g. konody
notes and queries number 237 may 13 1854 by various
a discourse for the time delivered january 4 1852 in the
study of law--nature and nations by james mackintosh
popular rhymes and nursery tales by james orchard halliwell
mortomley's estate vol. iii (of 3)
the american missionary -- volume 54 no. 3 october 1900 by various
punch or the london charivari by various
wrinkles in electric lighting by vincent stephen
phebe the blackberry girl by anonymous
the justice and necessity of taxing the american colonies
the abiding presence of the holy ghost in the soul by bede jarrett
the girl aviators and the phantom airship by margaret burnham
the ontario archives by alexander fraser
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxiv may 1852 vol. iv by various
the bomb-makers by william le queux
the child who died and lived again by anonymous
the homilies of the anglo-saxon church by aelfric
women of the teutonic nations by hermann schoenfeld
a walk and a drive by thomas miller
that little beggar by e. king hall
the adventures of a bear by alfred elwes
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
frank in the mountains by harry castlemon
the journal of lieut. john l. hardenbergh of the second
north-pole voyages by zachariah atwell mudge
notes and queries vol. iv number 101 october 4 1851 by various
supernatural religion vol. ii. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
notes and queries vol. v number 125 march 20 1852 by various
barium a cause of the loco-weed disease by albert cornelius crawford
works published by hatchard and co. june 1866 by hatchard and co
the white scalper by gustave aimard
the great apostasy by james e. talmage
mr. punch in the highlands by various
trees and shrubs for english gardens by ernest thomas cook
the international monthly volume 5 no. 3 march 1852 by various
the swiss family robinson by johann david wyss
the english lakes by a. g. bradley
ruins and old trees associated with memorable events in
a little tour of france by henry james
rustic carpentry by paul n. hasluck
the madcap of the school by angela brazil
methods of destroying rats by david lantz
leonore stubbs by l. b. walford
the cathedral builders by leader scott
rounding up the raider by percy f. westerman
curious creatures in zoology by john ashton
abc of fox hunting by john dean paul
charlotte bront?by t. wemyss reid
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
discoveries among the ruins of nineveh and babylon by austen h. layard
princess sarah and other stories by john strange winter
little robins learning to fly by madeline leslie
lee's last campaign by john c. gorman
the life of cicero by anthony trollope
on the nature of thought by john haslam
the breaking crucible by various
one of them by charles james lever
pioneers of the pacific coast by agnes c. laut
millet by percy moore turner
the evolution of fashion by florence mary gardiner
antigua and the antiguans volume ii (of 2) by anonymous
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no.394 august 1848
the world's sixteen crucified saviors by kersey graves
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 2 of 4: e-m) by various
the corsican brothers by alexandre dumas pere
the international monthly volume 4 no. 2 september 1851 by various
scientific american magazine vol 2. no. 3 oct 10 1846 by various
memorial of mrs. lucy gilpatrick marsh delivered
the paston letters volume ii (of 6) by james gairdner
voces populi by f. anstey
in the foreign legion by erwin rosen
an humble address and earnest appeal to those respectable
heathen mythology by various
scottish loch scenery by thomas a. croal
donahoe's magazine vol. xv no. 4 april 1886 by various
sketches of successful new hampshire men by various
a charming fellow volume i (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
the story of seville by walter m. gallichan
the life of mohammad by etienne dinet and sliman ben ibrahim
the thousand and one days by julia pardoe
wild bees wasps and ants by edward saunders
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the wave by algernon blackwood
further experiences of an irish r.m. by e. o. sommerville
phroso by anthony hope
bournemouth poole & christchurch by sidney heath
more conjuring by hercat
old-fashioned ethics and common-sense metaphysics
in story-land by elizabeth harrison
epidemics examined and explained: or living germs proved
the weird sisters volume iii (of 3) by richard dowling
the handbook to the rivers and broads of norfolk
luke barnicott by william howitt
the fifth queen by ford madox ford
the lion's masquerade by catherine ann turner dorset
notes and queries vol. iv number 91 july 26 1851 by various
an example of communal currency by j. theodore harris
percy by hannah more
club life of london vol. i (of 2) by john timbs
the battle of stone river by henry myron kendall
natural stability and the parachute principle in aeroplanes
the christ of paul by george reber
lippincott's magazine vol. 20 august 1877 by various
the bramleighs of bishop's folly by charles james lever
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 17 1887 by various
the botanical magazine vol. 9 by william curtis
digby heathcote by w.h.g. kingston
the protestants plea for a socinian by abraham woodhead
a humble enterprise by ada cambridge
royal english bookbindings by cyril davenport
the pros and cons of vivisection by charles richet
joe miller's jests by elijah jenkins
how department stores are carried on by w. b. phillips
a canterbury pilgrimage by joseph pennell
the poems of sappho by sappho
the messiah in moses and the prophets by eleazar lord
constitutional history of england henry vii to george ii volume ii
the ruby sword by bertram mitford
the datchet diamonds by richard marsh
the carroll girls by mabel quiller-couch
uncle's dream; and the permanent husband by fedor dostoyevsky
the australian explorers by george grimm
the white peacock by david herbert lawrence
the arts and crafts movement by thomas james cobden-sanderson
a christmas greeting by hans christian andersen
the great airship by f. s. brereton
in the whirl of the rising by bertram mitford
poems by rebekah smith
last words by stephen crane
henry of guise; (vol. ii of 3) by george payne rainsford james
the philosophy of the conditioned by h. l. mansel
rebel verses by bernard gilbert
wild oats by john o'keeffe
the continental monthly vol. 4 no. 5 november 1863
the seven lamps of architecture by john ruskin
in the yellow sea by henry frith
the american quarterly review no. 17 march 1831 by various
the adventures of dick trevanion by herbert strang
she's all the world to me by hall caine
the ballads & songs of derbyshire
mr. punch on tour by various
the unknown sea by clemence housman
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 september 8 1894 by various
history of the origin formation and adoption of the constitution
donald ross of heimra volume i of 3 by william black
harper's new monthly magazine vol 1-98 1850-1899 by various
life and amours of kate percival by kate percival
omphalos by philip henry gosse
texas honey plants by c. e. sanborn and e. e. scholl
the daughters of a genius by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the history of little jack a foundling by thomas day
war taxation by otto h. kahn
fr?ein schmidt and mr. anstruther by elizabeth von arnim
a danish parsonage by john fulford vicary
victorian ode by francis thompson
the shadow of ashlydyat by mrs. henry wood
fifty years in chains by charles ball
saga of halfred the sigskald by felix dahn
folle-farine by ouida
homes of american statesmen by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 15th 1895 by various
general gatacre by beatrix gatacre
sir walter scott by george saintsbury
king eric and the outlaws vol. 1 by bernhard severin ingemann
saddle and mocassin by francis francis jr
the story of books by gertrude burford rawlings
christian phrenology by joseph bunney
the harmsworth magazine vol. 1 1898-1899 no. 6 by various
the o'donoghue by charles james lever
frank at don carlos' rancho by harry castlemon
johnny ludlow fifth series by mrs. henry wood
princess belle-etoile by walter crane
hours in a library by leslie stephen
political economy by w. stanley jevons
the german war by sir arthur conan doyle
m. p.'s in session by harry furniss
the falls of niagara and other famous cataracts by george w. holley
chardin by paul g. konody
the story of a life by j. breckenridge ellis
the impending crisis of the south by hinton rowan helper
the three heron's feathers by hermann sudermann
the hindoos as they are by shib chunder bose
australia its history and present condition by william pridden
the twilight of the souls by louis couperus
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 october 29 1887 by various
henry of guise; (vol. i of 3) by george payne rainsford james
the moths of the british isles second series by richard south
history of the war between mexico and the united states with
the later life by louis couperus
babylonian-assyrian birth-omens and their
railway adventures and anecdotes
the diary of a hunter from the punjab to the karakorum mountains
a system of logic: ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
the round towers of ireland by henry o'brien
trading by susan warner
the story of john g. paton by james paton
the great return by arthur machen
the stages in the social history of capitalism by henri pirenne
the harlequin opal vol. 2 (of 3) by fergus hume
notes and queries number 168 january 15 1853 by various
poisons: their effects and detection by alexander wynter blyth
martyria by augustus c. hamlin
the war of the axe by j. percy-groves
the man with the pan pipes by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
the widow in the bye street by john masefield
city ballads by will carleton
the world before the deluge by louis figuier
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
calvinistic doctrine of predestination examined and refuted
memoirs of orange jacobs by orange jacobs
the elements of geology; adapted to the use of schools
white fire by john oxenham
the poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning
the art of confectionary by edward lambert
discipline by mary brunton
elizabeth gilbert and her work for the blind by frances martin
how to write a novel by annonymous
spawn of ixion or the 'biter bit' an allegory
margaret capel vol. 2 of 3 by ellen wallace
notes and queries number 171 february 5 1853 by various
a history of wood-engraving by george edward woodberry
reflections on the operation of the present system
the christian religion by robert g. ingersoll
the adventure league by hilda t. skae
the variation of animals and plants under domestication
the nursery rhymes of england by various
economy of the round dairy barn by wilber john fraser
the battle of the press by theophila carlile campbell
a romance of wastdale by alfred edward woodley mason
jessie graham by mary jane holmes
dorothy wordsworth by edmund lee
chronicles of the schonberg-cotta family by elizabeth rundle charles
the baptist magazine vol. 27 march 1835 by various
the astronomy of milton's 'paradise lost' by thomas orchard
notes and queries vol. iv number 92 august 2 1851 by various
my service in the u.s. colored cavalry by frederick w. browne
under a charm vol. iii. (of iii) by e. werner
the lily and the cross by james de mille
the two goats and the sick monkey by anonymous
a tale of red pekin by constancia serjeant
european fungus flora: agaricaceae by george massee
graham's magazine vol xxxii no. 6 june 1848 by various
the battleship boys at sea by frank gee patchin
woman and artist by max o'rell
the intellectual life by philip gilbert hamerton
the story of louie by oliver onions
popular tales by madame guizot
the unpopular review number 19 by various
the broken sword by dennison worthington
the words of jesus by john r. macduff
a new atmosphere by gail hamilton
religion in japan by george a. cobbold
faith and unfaith by duchess
english and scottish ballads volume v (of 8) by unknown
adventures in the rifle brigade in the peninsula france
the christian use of the psalter by a. r. whitham
the sign of silence by william le queux
expositor's bible: the epistles to the thessalonians by james denney
ruins of ancient cities (vol. i of ii) by charles bucke
the iron furnace by john h. aughey
her season in bath by emma marshall
the happy golfer by henry leach
dead man's love by tom gallon
the hunting of the snark by lewis carroll
the english novel by sidney lanier
the romance of industry and invention by robert cochrane
'crumps' the plain story of a canadian who went by louis keene
symbolic logic by lewis carroll
neighbor nelly socks by sarah l. barrow
the expositor's bible: the epistle to the philippians by robert rainy
dog stories from the spectator by various
maori and settler by g. a. henty
history of the opera from its origin in italy to the
la promessa sposa di lammermoor tomo i (of 3) by sir walter scott
trevlyn hold by mrs. henry wood
ethnology of the british colonies and dependencies
portrait miniatures by george c. williamson
punch or the london charivari vol. 107. august 4 1894 by various
five minutes' stories by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
heathen master filcsik by k??miksz?
the san francisco fairy by anonymous
a mere chance vol. 2 of 3 by ada cambridge
hungarian sketches in peace and war by m??
the mind of jesus by john r. macduff
sounding the ocean of air by a. lawrence rotch
the paston letters volume iii (of 6) by james gairdner
barren honour: a novel by george a. lawrence
a man of honor by george cary eggleston
notes and queries vol. v number 118 january 31 1852 by various
history of the seventh ohio volunteer cavalry by r. c. rankin
soldiers of the queen by harold avery
journeys in persia and kurdistan volume ii (of 2) by isabella l. bird
lachesis lapponica by carl von linn?
hanover; or the persecution of the lowly by david bryant fulton
some phases of sexual morality and church discipline
nooks and corners of old england by allan fea
diana by susan warner
mr. punch in bohemia by various
the betrothed by alessandro manzoni
a modern cinderella by amanda m. douglas
blind policy by george manville fenn
nuts and nutcrackers by charles james lever
remarks on the practice and policy of lending bodleian
mount royal volume 1 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
the little nightcap letters. by frances elizabeth barrow
a short history of english music by ernest ford
true stories of girl heroines by evelyn everett-green
the curse of carne's hold by g. a. henty
flora lyndsay by susanna moodie
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 92 june 1865 by various
amusing prose chap books by various
a tale of the summer holidays by g. mockler
the nursery november 1877 vol. xxii no. 5 by various
stained glass tours in england by charles hitchcock sherrill
beauty by alexander walker
riven bonds. vol. ii. by e. werner
the modern housewife or m?g? by alexis soyer
the mother of st. nicholas by grant balfour
zoological mythology volume i (of 2) by angelo de gubernatis
a tangled tale by lewis carroll
hertzian wave wireless telegraphy by john ambrose fleming
curiousities of great britain: england and wales delineated
off to sea by w. h. g. kingston
scenes and adventures in the semi-alpine region of the ozark
ingres by a. j. finberg
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
admirals of the british navy by francis dodd
correspondance diplomatique de bertrand de salignac
with the king at oxford by alfred j. church
a succinct view of the importance and practicability of
western himalaya and tibet by thomas thomson
the motley muse by harry graham
social rights and duties volume i (of 2) by sir leslie stephen
wild spain (espaa agreste) by abel chapman and walter j. buck
civic league cook book by anonymous
modern leaders: being a series of biographical sketches
cooley's cyclop?a of practical receipts and collateral
fruits of philosophy by charles knowlton
carrots: by mrs. molesworth
the watcher by j. sheridan le fanu
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 369 july 1846
a charming fellow volume ii (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
the compleat surgeon or the whole art of surgery explain'd
the little dog trusty; the orange man; and the cherry orchard;
the cruise of the frolic by w. h. g. kingston
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 355 may 1845
the strand magazine volume v issue 27 march 1893 by various
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 3 (of 3)
the hart and the water-brooks by john r. macduff
socialism revolution and internationalism by gabriel deville
north american stone implements by charles rau
for the right by karl emil franzos
the expositor's bible: the gospel of st. john vol. i by marcus dods
the church of england magazine - volume 10
the philippine islands by ramon reyes lala
the fathers of confederation by a. h. u. colquhoun
a history of philosophy in epitome by albert schwegler
the jenolan caves by samuel cook
by wit of woman by arthur w. marchmont
doesticks what he says by q. k. philander doesticks
new method of horsemanship by f. baucher
mad shepherds by l. p. jacks
baby jane's mission by reginald parnell
notes and queries vol. v number 131 may 1 1852 by various
the baptist magazine vol. 27 may 1835 by various
brooke's daughter by adeline sergeant
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume iii by various
the fall of prince florestan of monaco by charles wentworth dilke
forty years in the wilderness of pills and powders
the energy system of matter by james weir
the turn of the road by rutherford mayne
the beckoning hand and other stories by grant allen
the mysteries of paris volume 2 of 6 by eug? sue
the princess and curdie by george macdonald
literary celebrities of the english lake-district by frederick sessions
personae by ezra pound
legal lore by various
poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning
the japanese spirit by yoshisaburo okakura
a double knot by george manville fenn
chinese poems by various
frankenstein by mary w. shelley
six letters from the colonies by robert seaton
miss arnott's marriage by richard marsh
fiends ghosts and sprites by john nettin radcliffe
the lazy minstrel by joseph ashby-sterry
bindle by herbert jenkins
history of halifax city by thomas b. akins
what a man wills by mrs. george de horne vaizey
first governess of the netherlands margaret of austria
vagaries by axel munthe
the first violin by jesse fothergill
some conditions of child life in england by benjamin waugh
the candy maker's guide by fletcher manufacturing company
the sapphire cross by george manville fenn
cheshire by charles e. kelsey
the auto boys' mystery by james a. braden
abolition a sedition by geo. w. donohue
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 march 1865 by various
across the cameroons by charles gilson
romantic scottish ballads: their epoch and authorship
byzantine churches in constantinople
my secret life volumes i to iii by anonymous
randolph caldecott by henry blackburn
the lamplighter by maria s. cummins
the violoncello and its history by wilhelm joseph von wasielewski
soap-bubble stories by fanny barry
the motor routes of england by gordon home
last days of the rebellion by alanson m. randol
the truants by alfred edward woodley mason
history of the reformation in the sixteenth century volume v
a cabinet secret by guy boothby
under the chinese dragon by f. s. brereton
practical bookbinding by paul adam
bees from british guiana by t. d. a. cockerell
helena brett's career by desmond coke
bellini by george hay
the curry cook's assistant by daniel santiagoe
splores of a halloween twenty years ago by alexander dick
bacon and shakspere by william henry burr
the american missionary -- volume 54 no. 2 april 1900 by various
blacker's art of fly making &c. by william blacker
notes and queries number 231 april 1 1854 by various
the heart of the new thought by ella wheeler wilcox
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 7 by various
the impostor by harold bindloss
minnie's pet cat by madeline leslie
out of the hurly-burly by charles heber clark
aspects of modern oxford by a. d. godley
a philosophical dictionary volume 4 (of 10)
paper and printing recipes by j. sawtelle ford
the cruise of the betsey by hugh miller
makers and romance of alabama history by b. f. riley
lachesis lapponica by carl von linn?
mr. witt's widow by anthony hope
celebrated women travellers of the nineteenth century by
know the truth; a critique of the hamiltonian theory
the ornithology of shakespeare by james edmund harting
mary queen of scots 1542-1587 by various
an unoficial patriot by helen gardener
the philosophy of history vol. 1 of 2 by friedrich schlegel
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 may 31 1916 by various
yonder by e. h. young
carlyon sahib by gilbert murray
watson refuted by samuel francis
life and correspondence of david hume volume i (of 2)
discourse on floating bodies by galileo galilei
notes and queries vol. iii number 83 may 31 1851 by various
daisy; or the fairy spectacles by caroline snowden guild
the edinburgh new philosophical journal vol. xlix by various
the church: her books and her sacraments by e. e. holmes
letter to sir samuel shepherd by anonymous
notes of a staff officer of our first new jersey brigade on
the bristol royal mail by r. c. tombs
on the heights by berthold auerbach
zoraida by william le queux
palos of the dog star pack by j. u. giesy
the golden bough third edition vol. 4 of 12 by james george frazer
the khedive's country by george manville fenn
the home medical library volume ii (of vi) by kenelm winslow
the operatic problem by william johnson galloway
the earthly paradise by william morris
adventurers of the far north by stephen leacock
a plea for the criminal by james leslie allan kayll
notes and queries vol. v number 130 april 24 1852 by various
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
history of painting in italy vol. iv (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
the sea by frederick whymper
orchids by james o'brien
a mere chance vol. 3 of 3 by ada cambridge
cripps the carrier by richard doddridge blackmore
christ going up to heaven by unknown
rambles in dickens' land by robert allbut
the mystery of francis bacon by william t. smedley
red palmer: a practical treatise on fly fishing by james tayler
johnny ludlow sixth series by mrs. henry wood
the war tiger by wiliam dalton
?op's fables with modern instances by ?op
between the dark and the daylight by richard marsh
notes and queries vol. iv number 94 august 16 1851 by various
some heroes of travel by william henry davenport adams
a catalogue of play equipment by jean lee hunt
gas burners by owen merriman
the squirrels and other animals by george e. waring
glory and the other girl by annie hamilton donnell
the eulogy of richard jefferies by walter besant
the outcaste by f. e. penny
nicolo paganini: his life and work by stephen samuel stratton
a fourth form friendship by angela brazil
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 december 22 1894 by various
instruction book on ring spinning by francis l. lincoln
pre-columbian discovery of america by the northmen by b. f. de costa
the kadambari of bana by bana and bhushanabhatta
on the age of maya ruins by charles p. bowditch
name and fame by adeline sergeant
the thirty years' war by samuel rawson gardiner
mercedes of castile by j. fenimore cooper
notes and queries number 195 july 23 1853 by various
judith shakespeare by william black
toilers of babylon by benjamin leopold farjeon
harper's new monthly magazine no. ix february 1851 vol. ii
ginger-snaps by fanny fern
mashi and other stories by rabindranath tagore
the oera linda book by anonymous
the wreckers of sable island by j. macdonald oxley
the call of the town by john alexander hammerton
victor ollnee's discipline by hamlin garland
count frontenac by william dawson lesueur
the expositor's bible by f. w. farrar
a course of lectures on the principles of domestic
intarsia and marquetry by f. hamilton jackson
adventures and reminiscences of a volunteer by george t. ulmer
continental monthly vol. iii no iv april 1863 by various
notes and queries vol. iv number 106 november 8 1851 by various
one dialogue or colloquye of erasmus (entituled diuersoria)
the celtic magazine vol i no. iv february 1876 by various
british goblins by wirt sikes
the nursery july 1877 xxii no. 1 by various
many fronts by lewis r. freeman
clara vaughan volume ii (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
the letters of amerigo vespucci by amerigo vespucci
notes and queries vol. v number 117 january 24 1852 by various
address to the non-slaveholders of the south by lewis tappan
the wayfarers by j. c. snaith
the ravens and the angels by elizabeth rundle charles
memoirs of service afloat during the war between the states
the five giants by daniel p. kidder
the swastika by thomas wilson
roses and rose growing by rose georgina kingsley
oscar wilde by leonard cresswell ingleby
exempting the churches by james f. morton. jr
ecclesiastical curiosities by various
the sentimental vikings by richard voorhees risley
expositor's bible: the gospel according to st. mark by g. a. chadwick
a terrible tomboy by angela brazil
by birth a lady by george manville fenn
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
uncle daniel's story of tom anderson by john mcelroy
baron bruno by louisa morgan
favourite welsh hymns by joseph morris
the legend of the glorious adventures of tyl ulenspiegel
studies in spermatogenesis (part 1 of 2) by nettie maria stevens
rural life and the rural school by joseph kennedy
if sinners entice thee by william le queux
an essay on the beautiful by plotinus
vondel's lucifer by joost van den vondel
hogarth by c. lewis hind
the old showmen and the old london fairs by thomas frost
the battleship boys in foreign service by frank gee patchin
tempest-driven (vol. i of 3) by richard dowling
oregon and eldorado by thomas bulfinch
irradiations; sand and spray by john gould fletcher
the invasion by william le queux
sir hilton's sin by george manville fenn
antony waymouth by w. h. g. kingston
the continental monthly vol. 4 no. 2 august 1863 by various
in both worlds by william henry holcombe
mrs. fitz by j. c. snaith
turner by c. lewis hind
a letter to the society for the suppression of vice on
that boy of norcott's by charles james lever
notes and queries number 239 may 27 1854 by various
the wide wide world by susan warner
lays and legends by edith nesbit
the rosery folk by george manville fenn
notes and queries number 234 april 22 1854 by various
the woman who vowed by ellison harding
uncanny tales by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
the funny philosophers by george yellott
the siege of mafeking (1900) by j. angus hamilton
the travellers by catharine maria sedgwick
a hand-book of etiquette for ladies by anonymous
alida by amelia stratton comfield
the orphan by thomas otway
a general history of the pyrates: from their first rise
a little hero by mrs. h. musgrave
an humble proposal to the people of england
an oregon girl by alfred ernest rice
the ruined cities of zululand by hugh mulleneux walmsley
in the tail of the peacock by isabel savory
sages and heroes of the american revolution by l. carroll judson
lord chatham by archibald phillip primrose rosebery
the history of little king pippin by thomas bewick
memorials of the independent churches in northamptonshire
the churches of paris by s. sophia beale
duncan polite by marian keith
the quality of mercy by w. d. howells
bede's ecclesiastical history of england by bede
notes and queries number 82 may 24 1851 by various
the book of anecdotes and budget of fun by various
notes and queries number 139 june 26 1852 by various
the boy's book of heroes by helena peake
the shepherd's calendar by james hogg
an examination of president edwards' inquiry into
the atlantic monthly volume 14 no. 86 december 1864 by various
swift and sure by herbert strang
the grandee by armando palacio vald?
roland cashel by charles james lever
the potter's thumb by flora annie steel
two years among the savages of new guinea by w. d. pitcairn
an english squire by c. r. coleridge
butterflies and moths by william s. furneaux
cacao culture in the philippines by william s. lyon
the tragedy of caesar's revenge by anonymous
the life of johannes brahms (vol 2 of 2) by florence may
a lover's litanies by eric mackay
the blind beggar of jericho by anonymous
the doctrines of predestination reprobation and election
expositor's bible: the song of solomon by walter adeney
waterloo by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
primitive man by louis figuier
the pulpit of the reformation nos. 1 2 3 and 4.
a system of operative surgery volume iv (of 4) by various
what the swallow sang by friedrich spielhagen
the perpetual curate by mrs [margaret] oliphant
ten months in the field with the boers by anonymous
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 8 by various
love after marriage; and other stories of the heart
company k twentieth regiment illinois volunteer infantry
extinct birds by walter rothschild
the limits of atheism by george jacob holyoake
a romance of toronto by annie gregg savigny
the myths of the north american indians by lewis spence
my first campaign by j. w. grant
notes and queries vol. iv number 108 november 22 1851 by various
highways and byways in cambridge and ely by edward conybeare
women novelists of queen victoria's reign
jane shore by nicholas rowe
an alphabet of quadrupeds by anonymous
a woman martyr by alice mangold diehl
haviland's chum by bertram mitford
descriptive catalogue of photographs of north american
the academic questions; treatise de finibus; tusculan
social rights and duties by leslie stephen
a book o' nine tales by arlo bates
on the road to bagdad by f. s. brereton
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
windsor castle by edward thomas
san francisco and the nicaragua canal by william lawrence merry
tales of the sun by mrs. howard kingscote and pandit natesa sastri
captain bayley's heir: a tale of the gold fields of california
in northern mists (volume 1 of 2) by fridtjof nansen
electric gas lighting by norman h. schneider
the drama of glass by kate field
before and after waterloo by edward stanley
west african studies by mary henrietta kingsley
elements of gaelic grammar by alexander stewart
the king's assegai by bertram mitford
india through the ages by flora annie steel
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
joseph k. f. mansfield brigadier general of the u.s. army
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 61 no. 377 march 1847
the journal of the debates in the convention which framed
mr. punch's railway book by many
tales from blackwood by various
the descent of man and selection in relation to sex vol. i
the last miracle by m. p. shiel
the mayflower january 1905 by various
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
the miraculous conception by anonymous
thunder and lightning by camille flammarion
tales from blackwood volume 2 by various
fra angelico by james mason
trevethlan: (vol 2 of 3) by william davy watson
british sports for the amusement of children by william belch
the earl of essex by henry jones
tales from catland for little kittens by tabitha grimalkin
the evolution of photography by john werge
the night riders by henry c. wood
a day with samuel taylor coleridge by may byron
expositor's bible: the first epistle to the corinthians by marcus dods
the rebellion in the cevennes an historical novel
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 28th 1894 by various
inkle and yarico by george colman
the wreck on the andamans by joseph darvall
gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness
a yacht voyage to norway denmark and sweden by w. a. ross
north cornwall fairies and legends by enys tregarthen
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 6 by various
the bull-run rout by edward henry clement
tablets by amos bronson alcott
little miss peggy by mrs. molesworth
demonology and devil-lore by moncure daniel conway
the mysterious wanderer vol. iii by sophia reeve
is the bible indictable? by annie besant
a floating home by cyril ionides and j. b. atkins
zoe by evelyn whitaker
the plurality of worlds by william whewell and edward hitchcock
the hearts of men by h. fielding
was the beginning day of the maya month numbered zero (or
the smuggler: (vol's i-iii) by george payne rainsford james
the negrito and allied types in the philippines and
wood rangers by mayne reid
church and state as seen in the formation of christendom
the hubble-shue by christian carstairs
van dyck by percy m. turner
first person paramount by ambrose pratt
euripedes and his age by gilbert murray
electricity and magnetism by elisha gray
the sun changes its position in space by august tischner
parturition without pain or loss of consciousness by james townley
mrs. vanderstein's jewels by mrs. charles bryce
a discourse on the plague by richard mead
the cinder pond by carroll watson rankin
hints on driving by c. s. ward
mrs. halliburton's troubles by mrs. henry wood
illustrations of universal progress by herbert spencer
the rambles of a rat by a. l. o. e.
the danes sketched by themselves. vol. i (of 3) by various
the nursery march 1878 vol. xxiii no. 3 by various
the village notary by j?f e?s
hushed up by william le queux
thomas chalmers by w. garden blaikie
bosom friends by angela brazil
notes and queries index to ninth volume january-june 1854 by various
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 90 april 1865 by various
the atlantic monthly volume 14 no. 81 july 1864 by various
cursed by a fortune by george manville fenn
funny big socks by sarah l. barrow
in far bolivia by gordon stables
the tiger lily by george manville fenn
engraving: its origin processes and history by henri delaborde
notes and queries number 196 july 30 1853 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. october 22 1887 by various
arguments of celsus porphyry and the emperor julian
the story of the raising and organization of a regiment of
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 11 1914 by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 21
the shepherd of my soul by charles j. callan
pintoricchio by evelyn march phillipps
the quest of the 'golden hope' by percy f. westerman
a season at harrogate by barbara hofland
ghosts and family legends by catherine crowe
finger prints by francis galton
with joffre at verdun by frederick sadleir brereton
mimicry in butterflies by reginald crundall punnett
the story of a tinder-box by charles meymott tidy
the history of the european fauna by r. f. scharff
hymns from the german by various
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 3 august 1850. various
pastor pastorum by henry latham
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 392 june 1848 various
some account of the public life of the late lieutenant-general
under wolfe's flag by rowland walker
mysteries of the rosie cross by anonymous
the life of benjamin franklin by samuel g. goodrich
the three perils of man vol. 1 (of 3) by james hogg
the strand magazine volume v issue 26 february 1893 by various
the ?eids of virgil by virgil
maxims and hints on angling chess shooting
folly as it flies by fanny fern
a hind let loose by alexander shields
popery! as it was and as it is by william hogan
rob of the bowl vol. i (of 2) by john p. kennedy
the impeachment of the house of brunswick by charles bradlaugh
an imperial marriage by arthur w. marchmont
marriage in free society by edward carpenter
the expositor's bible: the epistle to the galatians by g. g. findlay
poultry by hugh piper
the little old portrait by mrs. molesworth
the protector by harold bindloss
the furnace by rose macaulay
microscopes and accessory apparatus by ernst leitz
notes and queries index to eighth volume july-december 1853
spinning tops by john perry
secret societies of the middle ages by thomas keightley
autobiographical reminiscences with family letters
celtic folk and fairy tales by various
the turn of the tide by eleanor h. porter
tom ossington's ghost by richard marsh
the doctor's wife by m. e. braddon
true to a type vol. i (of 2) by robert cleland
medicina flagellata by anonymous
hand-book of practical cookery for ladies
two mittens and the little play mittens by frances elizabeth barrow
studies in moro history law and religion by najeeb m. saleeby
romance of a poor young man by pierrepont edwards and lester wallace
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
tennyson and his friends by various
the ladies' knitting and netting book by miss watts
in the hands of the cave-dwellers by g. a. henty
robert burns by gabriel setoun
the galaxy volume 23 no. 2 february 1877 by various
slavery and the constitution by william ingersoll bowditch
a drake by george! by john trevena
a nursery rhyme picture book by l. leslie brooke
the 'fan kwae' at canton before treaty days 1825-1844
mohawks volume 3 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
captain sword and captain pen by leigh hunt
memoirs of count carlo gozzi; volume the first by count carlo gozzi
the union: or select scots and english poems by various
the battle of gettysburg by frank aretas haskell
tribes and castes of the central provinces of india by r. v. russell
pottery of the ancient pueblos. (1886 n 04 / 1882-1883
robin hood by paul creswick
two addresses by nicholas rigby
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 21st 1916 by various
canada west 1914 by unknown
a lame dog's diary by s. macnaughtan
moscow by fred whishaw
katharine frensham by beatrice harraden
catholic colonization in minnesota by catholic colonization
claimants to royalty by john h. ingram
a little fleet by jack b. yeats
her majesty's minister by william le queux
a lad of grit by percy f. westerman
boating by w. b. woodgate
the fight for constantinople by percy f. westerman
sketches from the subject and neighbour lands of venice
raeburn by james l. caw
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 6 december 1848 by various
toronto of old by henry scadding
the protection of fresh-water mussels by r. e. coker
a day with felix mendelssohn bartholdy by george sampson
a rich man's relatives (vol. 1 of 3) by robert cleland
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 22nd 1895 by various
pictures of southern life by william howard russell
the nursery september 1877 vol. xxii no. 3 by various
memoirs of the duchesse de dino 1831-1835 by dorothy duchesse de dino
love worship and death by rennell rodd
what we saw in egypt by anonymous
a sister's love by w. heimburg
richard galbraith mariner by emma watts phillips
ireland in the days of dean swift
john whopper by thomas march clark
frondes agrestes by john ruskin
arrows of freethought by george w. foote
great masters in painting: perugino by george c. williamson
guy kenmore's wife and the rose and the lily
aunt fanny's story-book for little boys and girls
the modes of ancient greek music by david binning monro
tales from blackwood by various
walks and words of jesus by m. n. olmsted
the isle of palms by john wilson
smeaton and lighthouses by john smeaton
the proper limits of the government's interference with
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 28 1914 by various
draw swords! by george manville fenn
facts and figures concerning the hoosac tunnel by john j. piper
descriptions of three new birds from the belgian congo
the bedroom and boudoir by lady barker
round the wonderful world by g. e. mitton
john the baptist: a play by hermann sudermann
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 5 1887 by various
suggestions to the jews by unknown
scamping tricks and odd knowledge by john newman
hand-craft by john d. sutcliffe
matilda montgomerie by major john richardson
curiosities of heat by lyman b. tefft
contemporary socialism by john rae
a mediaeval mystic by vincent scully
campmates by kirk munroe
scientific american vol. xxxix.no. 6. [new series]
on calvinism by william hull
de mortuis nil nisi bona by ernest evan spicer
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 4 october 1848 by various
constantinople painted by warwick goble by alexander van millingen
health by john brown
the indians' last fight by dennis collins
memoranda sacra by j. rendel harris
a veldt official by bertram mitford
four ghost stories by mrs. molesworth
the treaty with china its provisions explained by mark twain
the white man's foot by grant allen
relations of the federal government to slavery joseph ketchum edgerton
the pleasures of the country by harriet myrtle
the cave by the beech fork by henry s. spalding
the history of peter the great emperor of russia by voltaire
father brighthopes by john townsend trowbridge
princess mary's gift book by various
lectures on the true the beautiful and the good by victor cousin
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
not paul but jesus by jeremy bentham
field and woodland plants by william s. furneaux
the expositor's bible: colossians and philemon by alexander maclaren
the wanderer (volume 5 of 5) by fanny burney
the use of a box of colours by harry willson
it may be true vol. iii (of iii) by mrs. wood
the promise of air by algernon blackwood
the blackwood group by sir george douglas
climbing in the british isles. vol. 1 - england
disease in plants by h. marshall ward
harper's new monthly magazine no. vi november 1850 vol. i by various
young blood by e. w. hornung
esther's charge by evelyn everett-green
martine's hand-book of etiquette and guide
lost sir massingberd v. 1/2 by james payn
harper's new monthly magazine by various
a narrative of the death of captain james cook by david samwell
the united states and the war by gilbert murray
the nursery april 1878 vol. xxiii no. 4 by various
the fortunes of glencore by charles james lever
herbert spencer by j. arthur thomson
practical angora goat raising by c. p. bailey
the strand magazine volume v issue 25 january 1893 by various
the making of the new testament by benjamin w. bacon
notes and queries number 233 april 15 1854 by various
masters of french music by arthur hervey
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland
franz hals by edgcumbe staley
principles of political economy by john stuart mill
my mission to london 1912-1914 by prince lichnowsky
st. paul's epistle to the ephesians by charles gore
ingersollia by robert g. ingersoll
under the stars and bars by walter a. clark
shakespeare by robert g. ingersoll
problems in greek history by john pentland mahaffy
'i believe' and other essays by guy thorne
the dodd family abroad vol. ii.(of ii) by charles james lever
songs of the army of the night by francis adams
in the west country by francis a. knight
the spirit-filled life by john macneil
notes and queries vol. v number 123 march 6 1852 by various
the boy's playbook of science by john henry pepper
geological report on asbestos and its indications in the
history of randolph-macon college virginia by richard irby
at home with the patagonians by george chaworth musters
essays in the study of folk-songs (1886)
notes and queries number 229 march 18 1854 by various
notes and queries number 224 february 11 1854 by various
moth and rust by mary cholmondeley
gleanings by the way by john a. clark
victor hugo: his life and works by g. barnett smith
conversation by andrew p. peabody
enamels and cameos and other poems by th?hile gautier
a day with lord byron by may clarissa gillington
vacation verse by w. m. mackeracher
the guns of europe by joseph a. altsheler
the amazing argentine by john foster fraser
through east anglia in a motor car by james edmund vincent
rose leaf and apple leaf by rennell rodd
the grey friars in oxford by andrew g. little
the harlequin opal vol. 3 (of 3) by fergus hume
artist and model by ren?e pont-jest
mr. punch's book of love by various
great musicians: rossini and his school by henry sutherland edwards
memorials of old london by various
the new guide to knitting & crochet by marie jane cooper
glories of spain by charles w. wood
margaret capel vol. 1 of 3 by ellen wallace
lessons in the art of illuminating by w. j. loftie
six centuries of painting by randall davies
from bapaume to passchendaele 1917 by philip gibbs
lawrence clavering by alfred edward woodley mason
the mysteries of paris volume 5 of 6 by eug? sue
ancient pottery of the mississippi valley by william h. holmes
abridgment of the debates of congress from 1789 to 1856
ormond volume i (of 3) by charles brockden brown
fiscal ballads by harry graham
histology of the blood by paul ehrlich and adolf lazarus
the behavior of the honey bee in pollen collection by d. b. casteel
an englishman's view of the battle between the alabama
claire by leslie burton blades
harper's new monthly magazine volume 2 no. 12 may 1851 by various
the memoirs of the conquistador bernal diaz del castillo
barnaby by r. ramsay
constable by c. lewis hind
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
the romance of war inventions by thomas w. corbin
the pit town coronet volume i (of 3) by charles james wills
the lusiad by lu?de cam?
the captured scout of the army of the james by h. clay trumbull
mr. punch's after-dinner stories by j. m. hammerton
the female soldier by anonymous
christmas stories by edward berens
a walk from london to fulham by thomas crofton croker
household education by harriet martineau
captain paul by alexandre dumas pere
presidential candidates: by d. w. bartlett
double harness by anthony hope
k. k. k. sketches humorous and didactic by james melville beard
roger davis loyalist by frank baird
long live the king by guy boothby
woodland gleanings by charles tilt
the tatler volume 3 by various
the newcastle song book by various
miracle gold vol. 1 (of 3) by richard dowling
creed and deed by felix adler
selected list of swan sonnenschein & co.'s publications
illustrated catalogue of cotton machinery by howard
mellifont abbey co. louth by anonymous
book collecting by john herbert slater
harper's young people 1880 index by various
naval warfare by james r. thursfield
gwen wynn by mayne reid
where there is nothing by william butler yeats
the fisher girl by bj?tjerne bj?on
noble deeds of american women by jesse clement
our own set by ossip schubin
the prime minister by william henry giles kingston
canute the great by laurence marcellus larson
the greater republic by charles morris
the induna's wife by bertram mitford
the american reformed cattle doctor by george dadd
the vast abyss by george manville fenn
practical lithography by alfred seymour
what was the gunpowder plot? by john gerard
the academy keeper by anonymous
a question of marriage by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the nursery february 1877 vol. xxi no. 2 by various
the essentials of illustration by thomas george hill
the banished by wilhelm hauff
the deipnosophists or banquet of the learned of athen?
new voyage round the world by a course never sailed before
menotah by ernest g. henham
king alfred's old english version of st. augustine's soliloquies
king eric and the outlaws vol. 3 by bernhard severin ingemann
luttrell of arran by charles james lever
memoirs of benjamin franklin; written by himself [vol. 1 of 2]]
history of the life and adventures of mr. duncan campell
a gamble with life by silas k. hocking
the anglo-french entente in the seventeenth century
a son of perdition by fergus hume
a book of epigrams by various
the king's threshold; and on baile's strand by william butler yeats
konrad wallenrod by adam mickiewicz
freshwater sponges hydroids & polyzoa by nelson annandale
in memorabilia mortis by francis sherman
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
the book of christmas by thomas k. hervey
catholic world; vol. iv.; october 1866 to march 1867 by e. rameur
the autobiography of thomas platter a schoolmaster of the
the stones of venice volume i (of 3) by john ruskin
mabel's mistake by ann s. stephens
the legal position of the clergy by p. v. smith
mabel vol. i (of 3) by emma warburton
diary and notes of horace templeton esq. by charles james lever
the history of creation vol. i (of 2) by ernst haeckel
babylonian and assyrian laws contracts and letters by c. h. w. johns
international incidents for discussion in conversation
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 88 february 1865 by various
the world before them by susanna moodie
south africa and the transvaal war vol. v (of vi) by louis creswicke
the lighter side of school life by ian hay
spanish vistas by george parsons lathrop
the blue rose fairy book by maurice baring
the doctor's family by mrs. margaret oliphant
carlo dolci by george hay
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 64 no. 396 october 1848
hymns from the greek office books by john brownlie
from the oak to the olive by julia ward howe
the white hand and the black by bertram mitford
in a cheshire garden by geoffrey egerton-warburton
guy fawkes by william harrison ainsworth
legends of longdendale by thomas middleton
in the hands of the malays and other stories by george alfred henty
the go ahead boys in the island camp by ross kay
an unknown lover by mrs. george de horne vaizey
two maiden aunts by mary h. debenham
through shot and flame by j. d. kestell
miser farebrother volume i (of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
the constant couple by george farquhar
a lost cause by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
the cubies' abc by mary mills lyall
the vicar of wrexhill by mrs. (frances) trollope
caper-sauce by fanny fern
guatemala the country of the future by charles m. pepper
the brown fairy book by andrew lang
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
remarks on some fossil impressions in the sandstone rocks
great uncle hoot-toot by mrs. molesworth
zanzibar tales by various
the ports harbours watering-places and picturesque scenery
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 7 by various
studies of christianity by james martineau
the gospel day by charles ebert orr
the whole secret laid open by anonymous
a problem in modern ethics by john addington symonds
monograph on the sub-class cirripedia (volume 1 of 2)
a child's dream of a star by charles dickens
a new banking system by lysander spooner
gold elsie by e. marlitt
christmas eve and christmas day by edward e. hale
blackwood's edinburgh magazine--volume 62 no. 386
a life for a love by l. t. meade
a philosophical dictionary volume 3 (of 10)
the boss of taroomba by e. w. hornung
the early history of the colonial post-office by mary e. woolley
auriol by w. harrison ainsworth
report of the decision of the supreme court of the
a dear little girl by amy e. blanchard
the fairy nightcaps by frances elizabeth barrow
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
parish priests and their people in the middle ages
a veldt vendetta by bertram mitford
the english church in the middle ages by william hunt
the little girl who was taught by experience by anonymous
expositor's bible: ezra nehemiah and esther by walter adeney
st. dionysius of alexandria by bishop of alexandria saint dionysius
old and new paris v. 2 by henry sutherland edwards
mosada by william butler yeats
notes and queries vol. iv number 111 december 13 1851 by various
heroines of the crusades by c. a. bloss
national rhymes of the nursery by various
little oskaloo by thomas chalmers harbaugh
tales from blackwood by various
assassination of lincoln: a history of the great conspiracy
montezuma by hiram hoyt richmond
facing death by g. a. henty
the world before them by susanna moodie
a vindication of england's policy with regard to
the american missionary -- volume 39 no. 03 march 1885 by various
irish ecclesiastical record (volume 1) (1865-1868)
bijou by gyp
the picturesque antiquities of spain by nathaniel armstrong wells
the gospel according to peter by walter r. cassels
the history of louisville from the earliest settlement
western scenes and reminiscences by henry rowe schoolcraft
the seven periods of english architecture by edmund sharpe
the recipe for diamonds by charles john cutcliffe wright hyne
the academy boys in camp by s. f. spear
the poems and verses of charles dickens by charles dickens
surgical instruments in greek and roman times by john stewart milne
the girls and i by mary louisa stewart molesworth
paul gosslett's confessions in love law and
the struggle for missouri by john mcelroy
bancroft's tourist's guide yosemite by a.l. bancroft
a pilgrimage to nejd vol. 1 [of 2] by anne blunt
practical politics; or the liberalism of to-day
specimens of german romance by carl franz van der velde
little folks (december 1884) by various
a woman's love by amelia alderson opie
audrey craven by may sinclair
strange stories from the lodge of leisures by unknown
the chronicle of the norman conquest by master wace
self-control by mary brunton
the plattner story and others by h. g. wells
history of roman literature from its earliest period
the three perils of man vol. 2 (of 3) by james hogg
miser farebrother (vol 3 of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
a short view of the laws now subsisting with respect to
my schools and schoolmasters by hugh miller
a frontier mystery by bertram mitford
our people by charles samuel keene
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 3 by robert h. newell
a winter nosegay by walter crane
sinister street vol. 1 by compton mackenzie
the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoyevsky
cathedral cities of england by w. w. collins
the preaching tours and missionary labours of george m?r
withered leaves. vol. ii. (of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
agincourt by george payne rainsford james
daddy's girl by l. t. meade
the apple by various
our admirable betty by jeffery farnol
an eye for an eye by william le queux
the magic nuts by mrs. molesworth
to cuba and back by richard henry dana
a city schoolgirl by may baldwin
the mechanism of life by st?ane leduc
belford's magazine vol ii no. 10 march 1889 by various
the american missionary -- volume 38 no. 01 january 1884 by various
blackwoods edinburgh magazine volume 59
flower fruit and thorn pieces; by jean paul friedrich richter
the dreamer of dreams by marie queen of roumania
the old pincushion by mrs. molesworth
poems by alexander smith
priests women and families by j. michelet
surnames as a science by robert ferguson
arrival of the queen of sheba georg friedrich h?el
villa eden by berthold auerbach
the history of the hen fever by george p. burnham
history of the colony and ancient dominion of virginia
the attitudes of animals in motion by eadweard muybridge
how to master the english bible by james gray
abraham lincoln: was he a christian? by john b. remsburg
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume iii
hell by robert g. ingersoll
photography in the studio and in the field by edward m. estabrooke
pope adrian iv by richard raby
history of the last trial by jury for atheism in england
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 5 november 1848 by various
the world before them by susanna moodie
thirty canadian v. cs. 23d april 1915 to 30th march 1918
nan sherwood at lakeview hall by annie roe carr
a russian proprietor by lyof n. tolstoi
a book of irish verse by william butler yeats
cossack fairy tales and folk tales by anonymous
history of company f 1st regiment r.i. volunteers
silent struggles by ann s. stephens
home influence by grace aguilar
the third little pet book with the tale of mop and frisk
the brownie of bodsbeck and other tales (vol. 1 of 2) by james hogg
the philosophy of evolution by stephen h. carpenter
songs of womanhood by laurence alma-tadema
story lessons of character building (morals) and manners by lo?bates
the school friends by w. h. g. kingston
the cabin on the prairie by charles henry pearson
the oxford degree ceremony by joseph wells
women of america by john rouse larus
the eagle's nest by s. e. cartwright
the travels and adventures of james massey by simon tyssot de patot
notes and queries vol. iv number 104 october 25 1851 by various
some jewish witnesses for christ by rev. a. bernstein b.d
the life of abraham lincoln by ward h. lamon
indian and scout by f. s. brereton
architecture by thomas roger smith
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 9 slice 8 by various
discoveries by william butler yeats
through mountains and canyons - the canadian rockies by william notman
ancient art of the province of chiriqui colombia
a charming fellow volume iii (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
hair-breadth escapes by h. c. adams
the book of god by g. w. foote
scientific american vol. xxxvii.--no. 2. [new series.]
the deserted city by francis sherman
punch or the london charivari volume 107 august 18 1894 by various
lost diaries by maurice baring
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume vi by various
the art of lecturing by arthur morrow lewis
opium eating by anonymous
john ames native commissioner by bertram mitford
my african journey by winston churchill
zoological mythology (volume ii) by angelo de gubernatis
science and practice in farm cultivation by james buckman
love works wonders by charlotte m. brame
a history of banks for savings in great britain and ireland
fraternal charity by rev. father valuy
the princess of ponthieu by unknown
the man with the book by john matthias weylland
friend mac donald by max o'rell
the giant crab and other tales from old india by w. h. d. rouse
geoffery gambado by william henry bunbury
the american missionary -- volume 38 no. 06 june 1884 by various
the matsuyama mirror by anonymous
dilemmas of pride (vol 1 of 3) by margracia loudon
aaron the jew by benjamin leopold farjeon
colour as a means of art by frank howard
a padre in france by george a. birmingham
four phases of love by paul heyse
the strand magazine volume xvii february 1899 no. 98 by various
a day with william shakespeare by maurice clare
notes and queries number 174 february 26 1853 by various
the genius by theodore dreiser
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
the scientific basis of national progress by george gore
burgoyne's invasion of 1777 by samuel adams drake
the sylph volume i and ii by georgiana cavendish
the life of a celebrated buccaneer by richard clynton
gainsborough by max rothschild
the pragmatic theory of truth as developed by peirce
the william henry letters by abby morton diaz
my danish sweetheart volume 3 of 3 by william clark russell
scenes and adventures in affghanistan by william taylor
the pioneers by katharine susannah prichard
modest remarks upon the bishop of london's letter
some of my war stories by allen ripley foote
the herriges horror in philadelphia by anonymous
the ghosts by robert g. ingersoll
ireland as it is by robert john buckley (a.k.a. r.j.b)
the wanderer (volume 1 of 5) by fanny burney
the traditional games of england scotland and ireland
elizabethan england by william harrison
the retrospect by ada cambridge
the testimony of tradition by david macritchie
talkers by john bate
storm warriors by john gilmore
magic and witchcraft by anonymous
adventures on the roof of the world by mrs. aubrey le blond
the humour and pathos of anglo-indian life by dr. ticklemore
tales from the german. volume i by carl franz van der velde
harris's list of covent garden ladies by anonymous
a century of emblems by g. s. cautley
memoir of jared sparks ll.d. by brantz mayer
the adventures of seumas beg by james stephens
a history of the reformation (vol. 2 of 2) by thomas m. lindsay
bye-a baby bunting and other rhymes by anonymous
the beaux-stratagem by george farquhar
burma by r.talbot kelly
tarnished silver by mary frances outram
the eagle's nest by john ruskin
the curate in charge by margaret oliphant
by desert ways to baghdad by louisa jebb
the galaxy vol. 23 no. 1 by various
photographs of nebul?nd clusters by james edward keeler
through the outlooking glass by simeon strunsky
the paston letters volume v (of 6) by james gairdner
jerusalem explored volume i--text by ermete pierotti
from the thames to the tiber by j. wardle
camilla: a tale of a violin by charles barnard
the story of the great fire in st. john n.b. june 20th 1877
the theory and policy of labour protection
poppy's presents by mrs o. f. walton
the comic history of rome by gilbert abbott becket
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 391 may 1848
told on the pagoda by mimosa
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol 58 no. 360 oct. 1845 by various
chicago's black traffic in white girls by jean turner-zimmermann
colour measurement and mixture by w. de w. abney
mount royal volume 2 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
expositor's bible: the gospel of matthew by john monro gibson
the blind mother and the last confession by hall caine
by the barrow river by edmund leamy
mattie:--a stray (vol 2 of 3) by frederick william robinson
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
great porter square v. 2 by benjamin leopold farjeon
velazquez by s. l. bensusan
history of the origin formation and adoption of the constitution
mushroom culture by w. robinson
the personal history of david copperfield by charles dickens
the poetical works of sir edward bulwer lytton bart. m.p.
i've been thinking by azel stevens roe
the wonderful story of ravalette by paschal beverly randolph
the mysteries of paris volume 1 of 6 by eug? sue
the life of sir james fitzjames stephen bart.
dealings with the dead by a sexton of the old school
the paston letters volume vi (of 6) part 1 (letters
a secret of the lebombo by bertram mitford
asce 1193: the water-works and sewerage of monterrey
jessamine by marion harland
robin's rambles by may byron
the voice in singing by emma seiler
the emigrant's lost son by anonymous
english and scottish ballads volume vi (of 8) by various
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 98 december 1865 by various
notes and queries number 221 january 21 1854 by various
blackwoods edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 366 april 1846 various
punster's pocket-book charles molloy westmacott
in the russian ranks by john morse
l'histoire des vaudois by j. bresse et al
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 121 november 1867 by various
curiosities of puritan nomenclature by charles w. bardsley
a brief history of wood-engraving from its invention by joseph cundall
animal intelligence by george j. romanes
expositor's bible: the acts of the apostles vol. 1 by g. t. stokes
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 94 august 1865 by various
astronomical myths by john f. blake
in god's garden by amy steedman
nuts and nutcrackers by charles james lever
glimpses into the abyss by mary higgs
my cave life in vicksburg by mary ann loughborough
ancient faiths and modern by thomas inman
burial mounds of the northern sections of the united states
government ownership of railroads and war taxation by otto h. kahn
guernsey pictorial directory and stranger's guide by thomas bellamy
the romance of natural history second series by philip henry gosse
katerfelto by g. j. whyte-melville
horse laughs by chas. h. marshall
in a glass darkly v. 1/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
the nursery october 1877 vol. xxii no. 4 by various
antigua and the antiguans volume i (of 2) by anonymous
the inventions researches and writings of nikola tesla
the history of the devil by daniel defoe
strange stories by grant allen
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 2
soap-bubbles by c. v. boys
the village of youth by bessie hatton
poetical works of william lisle bowles vol. 2 by william lisle bowles
davenport dunn volume 2 (of 2) by charles james lever
the portland sketch book by various
johnny ludlow third series by mrs. henry wood
dixmude by charles le goffic
the beth book by sarah grand
algic researches comprising inquiries respecting the
australian heroes and adventurers by william pyke
every-day errors of speech by l. p. meredith
old and new paris v. 1 by henry sutherland edwards
little meg's children by hesba stretton
george alfred henty by george manville fenn
notes and queries number 80 may 10 1851 by various
more mittens with the doll's wedding and other stories
the french revolution by hilaire belloc
exultations by ezra pound
the hills and the vale by richard jefferies
the expositor's bible: the epistles of st. peter by j. rawson lumby
astronomical curiosities by j. ellard gore
the bride of the tomb and queenie's terrible secret
the life of roger langdon by roger langdon
the indian captive by matthew brayton
pictures and stories from uncle tom's cabin by unknown
works of robert louis stevenson volume xv by robert louis stevenson
notes and queries index to seventh volume january-june 1853
east of the shadows by mrs. hubert barclay
miss stuart's legacy by flora annie steel
outlook odes by t. w. h. crosland
essays in english literature 1780-1860 by george saintsbury
morag by janet milne rae
true to a type vol. ii (of 2) by robert cleland
elements of chemistry by antoine lavoisier
a philosophical dictionary volume 9 (of 10)
the coo-ee reciter by various
china by sir henry arthur blake
half-hours with jimmieboy by john kendrick bangs
modern magic by maximilian schele de vere
minius vamb? his life and adventures by minius vamb?
memoirs of the extraordinary military career of john shipp
a history of sanskrit literature by arthur a. macdonell
the wanderer (volume 4 of 5) by fanny burney
company 'a' corps of engineers u.s.a. 1846-1848
practical religion by john charles ryle
stand up ye dead by norman maclean
peachmonk by john eyerman
new west indian spiders by nathan banks
notes and queries vol. iv number 103 october 18 1851 by various
curiosities of medical experience by john gideon millingen
mr punch afloat edited by j. a. hammerton
the atlantic monthly volume 11 no. 68 june 1863 by various
modern painters volume ii (of v) by john ruskin
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 3 january 1876 by various
the life of george washington by josephine pollard
the may flower and miscellaneous writings by harriet beecher stowe
an old sailor's yarns by nathaniel ames
travels through north america v. 1-2 by berhard saxe-weimar eisenach
campaigning in cuba by george kennan
of high descent by george manville fenn
an account of the campaign in the west indies in the year
lost sir massingberd v. 2/2 by james payn
the tiger-slayer by gustave aimard
the whale and the grasshopper by seumas o'brien
nurse heatherdale's story by mary louisa molesworth
the student-life of germany by william howitt
london impressions by alice meynell
the mysterious wanderer vol. i by sophia reeve
the story of a red deer by j. w. fortescue
on the cattle plague: or contagious typhus in
the christian doctrine of hell by joseph m. wheeler
four winds farm by mrs. molesworth
a little world by george manville fenn
the industrial arts in spain by juan f. ria?
home life on an ostrich farm by annie martin
jewel mysteries by max pemberton
in praise of folly by desiderius erasmus
caught in a trap by john c. hutcheson
missing friends by thorvald weitemeyer
the spanish jade by maurice hewlett
historical sketch of the fifteenth regiment
our campaign around gettysburg by john lockwood
parlous times by david dwight wells
joan of the sword hand by samuel rutherford crockett
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 2 by robert h. newell
gaudeamus! by joseph victor scheffel
the red moccasins by morrison heady
the fairy school of castle frank by grant balfour
the stolen heiress by susanna centlivre
philippine mats by u.s. andes alice brezina
old deccan days by m. frere
notable women authors of the day by helen c. black
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
food habits of the thrushes of the united states by f. e. l. beal
japanese fairy world by william elliot griffis
dick and his cat and other tales by various
english painters by harry john wilmot-buxton
english and scottish ballads volume ii (of 8) by various
the winning of popular government by archibald macmechan
the battle of allatoona october 5th 1864 by william ludlow
roger the bold by f. s. brereton
crecy by hilaire belloc
homestead by arthur g. burgoyne
of six medi?l women by alice kemp-welch
privateers and privateering by e. p. statham
fairy legends and traditions of the south of ireland
eleven days in the militia during the war of the rebellion
the spanish brothers by deborah alcock
the mystery of the lost dauphin by emilia pardo baz?
tales of the toys told by themselves by frances freeling broderip
left on the prairie by m. b. cox
the fourth massachusetts cavalry in the closing scenes of
generals of the british army by francis dodd
the life of william ewart gladstone: index by john morley
history of the commune of 1871 by p. lissagary
satires and profanities by james thomson and g. w. foote
a legacy to the friends of free discussion by benjamin offen
an account of the kingdom of nepal by fancis buchanan hamilton
the life and labours of the rev. samuel marsden by samuel marsden
expositor's bible: the book of jeremiah by william henry bennett
an amicable controversy with a jewish rabbi
under the southern cross by maturin m. ballou
nooks and corners of cornwall by c. a. dawson scott
field mice as farm and orchard pests by d. lantz
indian fairy tales by anonymous
the three impostors by arthur machen
the white chief of the caffres by a.w. drayson
salvation syrup; or light on darkest england by g. w. foote
the red lottery ticket by fortun?u boisgobey
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 april 1865 by various
the history of the inquisition of spain from the time
the broken font vol. 2 (of 2) by moyle sherer
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 3 1887 by various
daisy's necklace by thomas bailey aldrich
iol? by james a. mackereth
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
overland tales by josephine clifford
the popham colony by william frederick poole
miss grantley's girls by thomas archer
house rats and mice by david e. lantz
what she could by susan warner
fishes flowers and fire as elements and deities in the
carey & hart's catalog (1852) by edward carey and abraham hart
a syrup of the bees by anonymous
riding for ladies by w. a. kerr
man and nature by george p. marsh
prehistoric structures of central america by martin ingham townsend
history of the great reformation volume iv by j. h. merle d'aubign?
the babes in the wood by anonymous
old and new london by walter thornbury
the nephews: a play in five acts. by william augustus iffland
schweigger on squint by c. schweigger
punch or the london charivari volume 107 august 11 1894 by various
adeline mowbray by amelia alderson opie
the expositor's bible: the book of leviticus by s. h. kellogg
airy fairy lilian by margaret wolfe hamilton (aka duchess)
rocky mountain boys by st. george rathborne
down town brooklyn by committee of ten citizens of brooklyn
a history of art in chald?& assyria v. 1
the history of painting in italy vol. 2 (of 6)
history of cuba; or notes of a traveller in the tropics
goblin tales of lancashire by james bowker
our british snails by john william horsley
a complete guide to the ornamental leather work by james revell
fairies afield by mary louisa molesworth
the fortunes of philippa by angela brazil
insula sanctorum et doctorum by john healy
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 65 no. 403 may 1849
mexico by susan hale
the works of aphra behn by aphra behn
dressed game and poultry ?a mode by harriet a. de salis
mornings at bow street by john wight
barrington by charles james lever
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. october 1 1887 by various
doctrine of the will by asa mahan
the indian chief by gustave aimard
the descent of man and selection in relation to sex by charles darwin
ball's bluff by charles lawrence peirson
peasant tales of russia by v.i. nemirovitch-dantchenko
beast and man in india by john lockwood kipling
etna by g. f. rodwell
the home medical library volume v (of vi) by kenelm winslow
the church handy dictionary by anonymous
captain calamity by rolf bennett
perugino by selwyn brinton
fashion and famine by ann s. stephens
for the major by constance fenimore woolson
the history of chivalry by g. p. r. james
'gloria victis!' by ossip schubin
eyes like the sea by m??
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 december 10 1887 by various
ten thousand a-year (vol. 2) by samuel warren
the secrets of potsdam by william le queux
our katie by anonymous
travels in china containing descriptions observations
two fishers and other poems by herbert edward palmer
europe in the sixteenth century 1494-1598 fifth edition
the history of painting in italy vol. 1 (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 january 26 1895 by various
chickamauga useless disastrous battle by smith d atkins
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the story book girls by christina gowans whyte
works of robert louis stevenson volume 9 by robert louis stevenson
le morvan [a district of france] its wild sports
the comedies of carlo goldoni by carlo goldoni
life of john keats by sidney colvin
the commercial restraints of ireland by john hely hutchinson
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 89 march 1865 by various
the girls of central high at basketball by gertrude w. morrison
the threatening eye by edward frederick knight
makers of modern agriculture by william macdonald
histoire de france 1573-1598 (volume 12/19) by jules michelet
a narrative of the life of david crockett of the state
puffing billy and the prize rocket by helen cross knight
the pony rider boys in the alkali by frank gee patchin
the butterflys' ball by anonymous
felicitas by felix dahn
the crooked stick by rolf boldrewood
zoological illustrations volume i by william swainson
the supernatural claims of christianity tried by two
the chainbearer by j. fenimore cooper
manners and rules of good society by anonymous
a day with john milton by may byron
shireen and her friends by gordon stables
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 363
the true history of the state prisoner commonly called the iron
rural rides by william cobbett
opticks by isaac newton
loimologia: or an historical account of the plague in
romantic spain by john augustus o'shea
thereby hangs a tale by george manville fenn
moods by louisa may alcott
los gringos by henry agustus wise
the luck of gerard ridgeley by bertram mitford
on the future of our educational institutions by friedrich nietzsche
a rich man's relatives (vol. 3 of 3) by robert cleland
the position of woman in primitive society by c. gasquoine hartley
gerald fitzgerald by charles james lever
a classified catalogue of selected works published by
gleanings among the sheaves by charles haddon spurgeon
the expositor's bible: the psalms vol. 2 by alexander maclaren
solomon maimon: an autobiography by solomon maimon
the pirates of the prairies by gustave aimard
the religion of the indians of california by a. l. kroeber
from sketch-book and diary by elizabeth butler
notes and queries number 230 march 25 1854 by various
gairloch in north-west ross-shire by john h. dixon
the inner beauty by maurice maeterlinck
art and practice of silver printing by h. p. robinson and capt. abney
the imported bridegroom by abraham cahan
children's ways by james sully
mathieu ropars: et cetera by william young
the ascent of man by mathilde blind
the duchess of trajetto by anne manning
history of prince edward island by duncan campbell
my experiences in a lunatic asylum by herman charles merivale
scientific american vol. xxxix.--no. 24. [new series.]
maxims and reflexions by johann wolfgang von goethe
the patriarchs by j. g. bellett
a gallant grenadier by f.s. brereton
the irish fairy book by various
the zankiwank and the bletherwitch by s. j. adair fitzgerald
the human race by louis figuier
the origin of finger-printing by william j. herschel
bygone church life in scotland by various
a world of wonders by various
the grey woman and other tales by mrs. elizabeth gaskell
the channel islands by joseph morris
the cricket on the hearth by charles dickens
shoulder-straps by henry morford
childrens' story of the war volume 2 (of 10) by james edward parrott
poems of west & east by vita sackville-west
st. george for england by g. a. henty
notes and queries number 136 june 5 1852 by various
forging the blades by bertram mitford
the cariboo trail by agnes c. laut
frances kane's fortune by l. t. meade
the anglican friar by a. novice
celebration in baltimore of the triumph of liberty in france
the place of dragons by william le queux
american pomology by j. a. warder
ovind by bj?tjerne bj?on
life gleanings by t. j. macon
walladmor: by thomas de quincey
a letter on shakspere's authorship of the two noble kinsmen
getting gold by j. c. f. johnson
wanderings and fortunes of some german emigrants friedrich gerstcker
glimpses of the past by w. o. raymond
the tempers by william carlos williams
the peanut plant by b. w. jones
lives of eminent zoologists from aristotle to linn?
in northern mists (volume 2 of 2) by fridtjof nansen
folk-tales of bengal by lal behari day
a treatise on wood engraving by john jackson
anecdotes & incidents of the deaf and dumb by w. r. roe
number 70 berlin by william le queux
inventions in the century by william henry doolittle
bible studies by joseph m. wheeler
the duty of submission to civil authority by j.f. moor
old rome by robert burn
book of hymns for public and private devotion by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 nov. 11 1887 by various
the storm by daniel defoe
among the red-skins by w. h. g. kingston
the old debauchees. a comedy (1732) by henry fielding
romantic spain by john augustus o'shea
some constituents of the poison ivy plant: (rhus
nicotiana by henry james meller
architectural antiquities of normandy by john sell cotman
italy; with sketches of spain and portugal by william beckford
as we forgive them by william le queux
the adventure of princess sylvia by mrs. c. n. williamson
the mother's manual of children's diseases by charles west m.d.
the spirit land by samuel b. emmons
modern painters volume i (of v) by john ruskin
notes and queries number 170 january 29 1853 by various
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
a sermon preached in christ church hartford
the testimony of the rocks by hugh miller
art of needle-work from the earliest ages 3rd ed. by elizabeth stone
robert orange by john oliver hobbes
plan for securing observations of the variable stars
household administration by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 8 1895 by various
the cornish fishermen's watch night and other stories by annonymous
contemporary belgian poetry by various
hard pressed by fred m. white
the expositor's bible: the gospel of st john vol. ii by marcus dods
travels in the steppes of the caspian sea the crimea
the spy in black by j. storer clouston
the trumpeter of s?ingen by joseph victor von scheffel
roland graeme: knight by agnes maule machar
washington's masonic correspondence by julius f. sachse
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 401 march 1849 by various
fairies i have met by maud margaret key stawell
wonders of the invisible world by cotton mather and increase mather
little frankie at school by madeline leslie
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 2 by various
may iverson's career by elizabeth jordan
reflections upon two pamphlets lately published by anonymous
the heritage of dress by wilfred mark webb
the gentleman's model letter-writer by anonymous
the history of painting in italy vol. 3 (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
eight days in new orleans in february 1847 by albert james pickett
ralph wilton's weird by mrs. alexander
notes and queries vol. iv number 109 november 29 1851 by various
the monarchs of the main volume ii (of 3) by walter thornbury
bunyan by james anthony froude
notes and queries number 216 december 17 1853 by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 364 by various
golden stars in tatting and crochet
the a b c. with the church of england catechism by unknown
curious facts in the history of insects; including spiders
miracle gold vol. 3 (of 3) by richard dowling
h.m.s. ---- by klaxon
little frankie and his mother by madeline leslie
the unknown life of jesus christ by nicolas notovitch
comrade kropotkin by victor robinson
south-sea idyls by charles warren stoddard
an essay on the trial by jury by lysander spooner
notes and queries number 223 february 4 1854 by various
an introduction to machine drawing and design by david allan low
deep moat grange by s. r. crockett
books condemned to be burnt by james anson farrer
the path-way to knowledg by robert record
the dramatic works of g. e. lessing by gotthold ephraim lessing
what the blackbird said
the little missis by charlotte skinner
expositor's bible: the acts of the apostles vol. 2 by g. t. stokes
harley greenoak's charge by bertram mitford
kalevala volume ii (of 2) by anonymous
united states government publications vol. 8 jan-jun 1892
rutledge by miriam coles harris
the dawn of day by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
the locusts' years by mary helen fee
haunted london by walter thornbury
the stolen statesman by william le queux
the gold-seekers by gustave aimard and lascelles wraxall
the cook's oracle; and housekeeper's manual by william kitchiner
history of the washington national monument and of the washington
the new-york book of poetry by various
an apology for the life of mrs. shamela andrews by conny keyber
the american missionary volume 54 no. 3 july 1900 by various
free ships: the restoration of the american carrying trade
a system of logic: ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
reports of the committee on the conduct of the war
christina by l. g. moberly
the little girl lost by eleanor raper
gleanings in graveyards by horatio edward norfolk
burning of the brooklyn theatre by anonymous
the young colonists by g.a. henty
the expositor's bible: the pastoral epistles by alfred plummer
stephen by florence m. kingsley
the moral and intellectual diversity of races
narrative of the march of co. a engineers from fort leavenworth
the fairchild family by mary martha sherwood
the solomon islands and their natives by henry brougham guppy
forbidden fruit by anonymous
the duke's sweetheart by richard dowling
popular books on natural science by aaron david bernstein
deaf and dumb! by elizabeth sandham
of the just shaping of letters by albrecht d?
the first little pet book with ten short stories in words
notes and queries number 194 july 16 1853 by various
turner by william cosmo monkhouse
in the school-room by john s. hart
the battle of hexham; by george colman
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
canterbury by canon danks
canned fruit preserves and jellies: household methods
history of the national flag of the united states of america
night fall in the ti-tree by geraldine rede and violet teague
the cornflower and other poems by jean blewett
a day with walt whitman by maurice clare
literary tours in the highlands and islands of scotland
sporting scenes amongst the kaffirs of south africa alfred w. drayson
an annapolis first classman by lt.com. edward l. beach
tom wallis by louis becke
the elm tree tales by f. irene burge smith
calvert and penn by brantz mayer
silhouettes by arthur symons
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
graham's magazine vol xxxii. no. 3. march 1848 by various
yule logs by various
rick dale a story of the northwest coast by kirk munroe
my experiences in manipur and the naga hills by james johnstone
mystery and confidence (vol. 1 of 3) by elizabeth pinchard
the clan fraser in canada by alexander fraser
british castles by charles h. ashdown
an address delivered before the was-ah ho-de-no-son-ne
genevi? by alphonse karr
the soul of golf by percy adolphus vaile
donahoe's magazine volume xv no. 3 by various
the serapion brethren by ernst theordor wilhelm hoffmann
the trapper's daughter by gustave aimard
the passionate elopement by compton mackenzie
voices in the night by flora annie steel
the divine vision and other poems by a.e.
how to fence by aaron a. warford
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 feb 3 1872 by various
cora and the doctor by harriette newell baker
the last call (vol. 3 of 3) by richard dowling
atta troll by heinrich heine
notes and queries number 193 july 9 1853 by various
the formation of christendom volume ii by thomas w. allies
yellow-cap and other fairy-stories for children by julian hawthorne
australia revenged by boomerang
chattanooga and chickamauga by henry v. boynton
life without and life within by margaret fuller
the methods of glass blowing and of working silica in the
caucasian legends by a. goulbat
a guide to the scientific knowledge of things familiar
cornwall by sabine baring-gould
chaucer's works volume 6 (of 7) -- introduction glossary
humphrey duke of gloucester by k.h. vickers
notes and queries vol. iv number 102 october 11 1851 by various
report of the proceedings at the examination of charles
the philippine agricultural review by various
the golden house by mrs. woods baker
necklace of princess fiorimonde and other stories by mary de morgan
the last voyage by lady annie allnutt brassey
changing china by william gascoyne-cecil and florence gascoyne-cecil
the curse of education by harold e. gorst
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 3 of 4: n-r) by various
the love letters of mary wollstonecraft to gilbert imlay
historical geography of the british colonies
churches and church ornaments by william durandus
under false pretences by adeline sergeant
the eve of all-hallows v. 2 of 3 by matthew weld hartstonge
satan absolved by wilfred scawen blunt
laurus nobilis by vernon lee
the bradys' chinese clew by francis worcester doughty
university education in ireland by samuel haughton
the gentleman cadet by a. w. drayson
some verses by helen hay
the future of english poetry by edmund gosse
john brown: a retrospect by alfred roe
a great man by arnold bennett
john ronge: the holy coat of treves by john ronge and anonymous
gas-engines and producer-gas plants by r. e. mathot
collection of nebraska pioneer reminiscences by nebraska
legends & romances of brittany by lewis spence
barbara lynn by emily j. jenkinson
manners and rules of good society by anonymous
beaumont & fletcher's works vol. 3 of 10: the loyal subject
the nursery may 1877 vol. xxi no. 5 by various
expositor's bible: the book of job by robert watson
harper's new monthly magazine vol iv. no. xx. january 1852
romney by c. lewis hind
autobiography of an electron by charles robert gibson
a week's tramp in dickens-land by william r. hughes
leo xiii. the great leader by rev. a. p. doyle
the life of yakoob beg by demetrius boulger
the scout and ranger by james pike
the grandchildren of the ghetto by israel zangwill
a report of major hart's case of rice-frauds near
four american naval heroes by mabel beebe
australasian democracy by henry de r. walker
women of england volume 9 (of 10) by bartlett burleigh james
the master of the ceremonies by george manville fenn
the nursery january 1877 volume xxi no. 1 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 january 19 1895 by various
history of the reformation of the sixteenth century volume iii
twenty-five years in the rifle brigade by william surtees
the instruction of ptah-hotep and the instruction of ke'gemni
the history of chivalry volume ii (of 2) by charles mills
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 368 june 1846
grim tales by edith nesbit
the galaxy june 1877 by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 18
france by gordon cochrane home
extracts from the diary and correspondence of the late
the woman's part by l. k. yates
afterwards by ian maclaren
the stones of venice volume ii (of 3) by john ruskin
poetical ingenuities and eccentricities by various
lords of the world by alfred john church
wave of scepticism and the rock of truth by matthew henry habershon
the galaxy may 1877 by various
sketches of church history by james craigie robertson
history of beasts by unknown
tower's little primer by anna tower
a song of the english by rudyard kipling
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 2 by various
the corner of harley street by henry bashford
the strife of the roses and days of the tudors in the west
the franco-german war of 1870-71 by count helmuth von moltke
notes and queries vol. v number 124 march 13 1852 by various
popular technology vol. i (of 2) by edward hazen
the machinery of the universe by amos emerson dolbear
under the red crescent by charles s. ryan
miser farebrother (vol 2 of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
art in needlework by lewis f. day and mary buckle
the air patrol by herbert strang
boys' and girls' biography of abraham lincoln by james h. shaw
studies of contemporary poets by mary c. sturgeon
irene iddesleigh by amanda mckittrick ros
south africa and the boer-british war volume i
the princess idleways by mrs. w. j. hayes
stand fast craig-royston! (volume i) by william black
our young folks--vol. i no. ii february 1865 by various
little frankie and his cousin by madeline leslie
a clerk of oxford by evelyn everett-green
ralph clavering by w. h. g. kingston
charles' journey to france and other tales by anna laetitia barbauld
campaign of the fourteenth regiment new jersey volunteers
the life-work of flaubert by dmitry sergeyevich merezhkovsky
gunpowder treason and plot by harold avery
abridgment of the debates of congress from 1789 to 1856
james madison by sydney howard gay
nests and eggs of familiar british birds second series
william shakespeare as he lived. by henry curling
notes and queries number 172 february 12 1853 by various
storyology by benjamin taylor
blanche by mrs. molesworth
pirates and piracy by oscar herrmann
observations d'un sourd et mu?sur un cours ?mentaire
rasputin the rascal monk by william le queux
advice to singers by frederick james crowest
a twofold life by wilhelmine von hillern
the red track by gustave aimard
wrestling and wrestlers: by jacob robinson and sidney gilpin
timar's two worlds by m??
henry of guise; (vol. iii of 3) by george payne rainsford james
architecture by nancy r e meugens bell
seeds of michigan weeds by william james beal
trial of the officers and crew of the privateer savannah
flowers of freethought by george w. foote
in a glass darkly v. 2/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
it may be true volume 1 of 3 by mrs. wood
voltaire: a sketch of his life and works
tales from spenser; chosen from the faerie queene by edmund spencer
prairie farmer vol. 56: no. 4 january 26 1884 by various
john woolman's journal by john woolman
the rainbow book tales of fun & fancy by mabel henriette spielmann
history of the buccaneers of america by james burney
arabian wisdom by john wortabet
blackwood's edinburgh magazine by various
oration on the life and services of thomas paineby robert g. ingersoll
mystery and confidence vol. 2 by elizabeth pinchard
the cornish riviera by sidney heath
legends of the saxon saints by aubrey de vere
dilemmas of pride (vol 3 of 3) by margracia loudon
the works of robert louis stevenson by robert louis stevenson
w. & r. chambers selected catalogue 1892 by various
ladies' book of etiquette and manual of politeness
a search for a secret (vol 2 of 3) by g. a. henty
the galaxy april 1877 by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
king matthias and the beggar boy by nicholas j?a
rubens by samuel levy bensusan
curiosities of christian history by croake james
the expositor's bible: the psalms vol. 1 by a. maclaren
pine needles by susan bogert warner
the diamond fairy book by various
sir noel's heir by may agnes fleming
twelfth night by william shakspeare and j. p. kemble
scott greenwood and co. catalogue of special technical
bible emblems by edward e. seelye
the under-secretary by william le queux
the very small person by annie hamilton donnell
travels in tartary thibet and china by evariste regis huc
verses of feeling and fancy by w. m. mackeracher
the history and antiquities of the doric race vol. 2 of 2
on the magnet magnetick bodies also and on the great
oliver goldsmith by e. s. lang buckland
arne; a sketch of norwegian country life by bj?tjerne bj?on
the religions of ancient egypt and babylonia by archibald henry sayce
a day with the poet tennyson by anonymous
the history of the ten lost tribes by david baron
california mexican-spanish cook book by bertha haffner-ginger
the pearl of the antilles or an artist in cuba by walter goodman
goblins and pagodas by john gould fletcher
king of ranleigh by frederick sadlier brereton
gammer gurton's needle by mr. s. mr. of art
retrospect of western travel volume i (of 2) by harriet martineau
miles tremenhere vol 2 of 2 by annette marie maillard
minnie; or the little woman by caroline snowden guild
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 10 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
notes and queries number 85 june 14 1851 by various
the young lady's equestrian manual by anonymous
wondrous love by dwight moody
black forest village stories by berthold auerbach
little mittens for the little darlings by frances elizabeth barrow
feeding the mind by lewis carroll
the history of burke and hare by george mac gregor
only a girl: by wilhelmine von hillern
the pearl of love by madeline leslie
the roman empire in the light of prophecy by w. e. vine
the bountiful lady by thomas cobb
mystery and confidence (vols. 3 of 3) by elizabeth pinchard
talks about flowers by m. d. wellcome
an american girl abroad by adeline trafton
poachers and poaching by john watson
natural history in anecdote by various
the life and writings of henry fuseli vol. ii (of 3) by henry fuseli
the isles of scilly by jessie mothersole
free and impartial thoughts on the sovereignty of god
mr. punch on the warpath by various
next door neighbours by elizabeth inchbald
lectures on horsemanship by unknown
english-french and french-english dictionary of the motor car
plato's doctrine respecting the rotation of the earth and
the slavery question by john m. landrum
tales of south africa by h.a. bryden
the gates between by elizabeth stuart phelps
the mail pay on the burlington railroad by anonymous
notes and queries vol. v number 119 february 7 1852 by various
a devotee by mary cholmondeley
bonaparte in egypt and the egyptians of to-day by haji a. browne
assyria its princes priests and people by archibald henry sayce
the mormon puzzle and how to solve it by r. w. beers
contagious abortion of cows by ward j. macneal
ingersoll in canada by allen pringle
tales from blackwood volume 7 by various
proverb lore by f. edward hulme
under st paul's by richard dowling
notes and queries vol. v number 133 may 15 1852 by various
the principal navigations voyages traffiques and discoveries
a stiptick for a bleeding nation by unknown
arthur o'leary by charles james lever
sanders of the river by edgar wallace
fires - book iii by wilfrid wilson gibson
the eve of all-hallows v. 1 of 3 by matthew weld hartstonge
the principles of secularism by george jacob holyoake
in mr. knox's country by e. oenone somerville and martin ross
the monarchs of the main volume i (of 3) by walter thornbury
fletcher of madeley by frederic w. macdonald
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution by various
a manual of ancient history by arnold hermann ludwig heeren
a bottle in the smoke by milne rae
in a belgian garden by frank oliver call
waterloo by hilaire belloc
soft candy for bees by dr. burton n. gates
the gambler by katherine cecil thurston
the hawaiian islands by the department of foreign affairs
abolition fanaticism in new york by frederick douglass
our battalion by leonard raven-hill
a concise anglo-saxon dictionary by john r. clark hall
the young cavalier by percy f. westerman
journal of a residence at bagdad by anthony groves
british political leaders by justin mccarthy
with beatty off jutland by percy f. westerman
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
jewish theology by kaufmann kohler
how to make an index by henry b. wheatley
english and scottish ballads volume iv by various
fairy tales from all nations by anthony r. montalba
in silk attire by william black
dickens by adolphus william ward
great porter square v. 3 by benjamin leopold farjeon
the phase rule and its applications by alexander findlay
barrington by charles james lever
the meadow-brook girls on the tennis courts by janet aldridge
japanese fairy tales by grace james
the shepherd of salisbury plain and other tales by hannah more
stolen souls by william le queux
the curiosities of heraldry by mark antony lower
mr. punch at the play by various
breton legends by anonymous
pencil sketches by eliza leslie
notes and queries number 222 january 28 1854 by various
richard iii: his life & character by clements r. markham
the arena by various
cottage economy by william cobbett
miss leslie's lady's new receipt-book by eliza leslie
a trip to cuba by julia ward howe
four years in france by henry digby beste
right above race by otto hermann kahn
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 slice 5 by various
the tower of dago by m??
modern skepticism by c. j. ellicott
graham's magazine vol xxxii. no. 5. may 1848 by various
the three hills by john collings squire and charles baudelaire
violet: a fairy story by caroline snowden guild
an enchanted garden by mrs. molesworth
mystic immanence by basil wilberforce
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 august 1865
botticelli by henry bryan binns
the turkish bath by robert owen allsop
the leak by jacques futrelle
poems by g.k. chesterton
british quarterly review american edition vol. liii by various
mother goose's nursery rhymes by walter crane
papers from overlook-house by casper almore
the development of armor-piercing shells by carlos de zafra
little robins' love one to another by madeline leslie
islam her moral and spiritual value by arthur glyn leonard
polaris of the snows by charles b. stilson
memoir of mary l. ware wife of henry ware jr. by edward b. hall
constantinople by william holden hutton
nooks and corners of shropshire by h. thornhill timmins
withered leaves. vol. i. (of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
girls of the true blue by l. t. meade
tales of the wonder club volume iii by m. y. halidom
heroes of science by m. m. pattison muir
not like other girls by rosa n. carey
the border rifles by gustave aimard
the inhabitants of the philippines by frederic h. sawyer
the terror by arthur machen
the captive in patagonia by benjamin franklin bourne
whittaker & co.'s list of classical educational and
the strange story of rab r? by m??
phemie frost's experiences by ann s. stephens
london in modern times by unknown
dariel by r. d. blackmore
amusement only by richard marsh
sketch of dunbarton new hampshire by ella mills
outlines of a philosophy of religion based on psychology
the red rat's daughter by guy boothby
christmas tree land by mary louisa molesworth
curious myths of the middle ages by sabine baring-gould
fern vale (volume 3) by colin munro
the cruise of the 'alerte' by e. f. knight
travels in central asia by arminius v??
health happiness and longevity by louis philippe mccarty
a guide to the virginia springs by john jennings moorman
notes and queries vol. iv number 96 august 30 1851 by various
adventures of hans sterk by a.w. drayson
john brown by frederick douglass
an essay in aid of a grammar of assent by john henry newman
violins and violin makers by joseph pearce
wenderholme by philip gilbert hamerton
charles darwin by grant allen
history of painting in italy volume vi (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
mohawks volume 2 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
thirty years in australia by ada cambridge
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 6 by various
mount royal volume 3 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
dilemmas of pride (vol 2 of 3) by margracia loudon
mexico aztec spanish and republican vol. 1 of 2 by brantz mayer
the story of an ancient parish by h. r. coulthard
the day of sir wilfrid laurier by oscar d. skelton
a collection of state-papers relative to the first
the book of the aquarium and water cabinet by shirley hibberd
mr. punch's life in london by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 367 may 1846by various
english as she is spoke by jos?a fonseca and pedro carolino
the boy's voice by j. spencer curwen
bill the minder by w. heath robinson
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 jan 13 1872 by various
life of edward the black prince by louise creighton
cannibals all! by george fitzhugh
asbestos by robert h. jones
etain the beloved and other poems by james henry cousins
the motor scout by herbert strang
sowing and sewing by charlotte mary yonge
journeys in persia and kurdistan volume i (of 2) by isabella l. bird
the cricket's friends by virginia w. johnson
early days in north queensland by edward palmer
henry of ofterdingen: a romance. by friedrich von hardenberg
mortomley's estate vol. ii (of 3) by charlotte elizabeth
the truth about woman by c. gasquoine hartley
the red river colony by louis aubrey wood
the author's printing and publishing assistant by frederick saunders
the golden bough third edition vol. 8 of 12 by james george frazer
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 58 no. 359
settling day by nat gould
the student's life of washington; condensed from the
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 jan 27 1872 by various
tribute to a good man by f. t. gray
lady maude's mania by george manville fenn
my danish sweetheart. volume 2 of 3 by william clark russell
english monastic life by abbot gasquet
bacteria in daily life by mrs. percy frankland
the manor house school by angela brazil
a history of art in ancient egypt vol. i (of 2)
life and writings of maurice maeterlinck by jethro bithell
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
pastoral days by william hamilton gibson
wit and wisdom of lord tredegar by godfrey charles morgan
mildred arkell (vol 3 of 3) by ellen wood
children in prison and other cruelties of prison life by oscar wilde
the wanderer (volume 3 of 5) by fanny burney
history of the rise of the huguenots by henry baird
a study of splashes by arthur mason worthington
the mistress of bonaventure by harold bindloss
the old countess; or the two proposals by ann s. stephens
notes and queries number 81 may 17 1851 by various
andromache by gilbert murray
women of history by anonymous
the katipunan by j. brecknock watson
john pettie r.a. h.r.s.a. by martin hardie
miracle gold vol. 2 (of 3) by richard dowling
lady cassandra by mrs george de horne vaizey
social life by maud c. cooke
the fairy mythology by thomas keightley
through south africa by henry m. stanley
dante: his times and his work by arthur john butler
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the rival crusoes by agnes strickland
on union with god by albertus magnus
beggars on horseback by f. tennyson jesse
the child's story-book by anonymous
mentally defective children by alfred binet and th?ore simon
the church of grasmere by mary l. armitt
the eliminator; or skeleton keys to sacerdotal secrets
the new gulliver and other stories by barry pain
notes and queries number 217 december 24 1853 by various
mattie:--a stray (vol 1 of 3) by frederick william robinson
a canadian calendar: xii lyrics by francis sherman
my danish sweetheart. volume 1 of 3 by william clark russell
old hendrik's tales by arthur owen vaughan
misread passage of scriptures by j. baldwin brown
herd record of the association of breeders of
the great war and how it arose by anonymous
the trojan women of euripedes by euripedes
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
notes and queries vol. v number 127 april 3 1852 by various
penelope brandling by vernon lee
conversations on natural philosophy in which the elements of
history of ancient america anterior to the time of columbus
old kensington by miss thackeray
the irish penny journal no. 1 vol. 1 july 4 1840 by various
for john's sake by annie frances perram
the book of riddles by anonymous
monumental java by j. f. scheltema
amenities of literature by isaac disraeli
a crime of the under-seas by guy boothby
the little clown by thomas cobb
sidelights on chinese life by j. macgowan
bugle blasts by william e. crane
our young folks vol 1 no. 1 by various
the portsmouth road and its tributaries by charles g. harper
sharps and flats by john nevil maskelyne
mistakes of moses by robert g. ingersoll
lady eureka v. 1 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
a house-party by ouida
tales of the trains by charles james lever
the pit town coronet volume iii (of 3) by charles james wills
kodaks and kodak supplies 1914 by canadian kodak company
the world of h.g. wells by van wyck brooks
humorous readings and recitations by various
pray you sir whose daughter? by helen h. gardener
life of mary queen of scots volume i (of 2) by henry glassford bell
the life of johannes brahms (vol 1 of 2) by florence may
a treatise on grain stacking by john delamater
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 9 1914 by various
tales from blackwood by various
little pills an army story by robert henderson mckay
opening ceremonies of the new york and brooklyn bridge may 24
the prussian terror by alexandre dumas
a narrative of the shipwreck captivity and sufferings of
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 4 by various
the warden of the plains by john maclean
god and the world by arthur w. robinson
sing a song of sixpence by mary holdsworth
a dictionary of english synonymes and synonymous
a night on the borders of the black forest
the englishman in china during the victorian era vol. i
the romance of biography (vol 2 of 2) by anna jameson
the coinages of the channel islands by b. lowsley
with wolseley to kumasi by f.s. brereton
scenes and characters of the middle ages by edward lewes cutts
sheep swine and poultry by robert jennings
the quest by frederik van eeden
the countess cosel by j? kraszewski
a battery at close quarters by henry m. neil
the freedmen's book by lydia maria child
observations on mount vesuvius mount etna and other
the sea by jules michelet
essays by arthur christopher benson
the hills of refuge by will n. harben
christianity and modern thought by various
hydesville by thomas olman todd
the secret of the league by ernest bramah
stan lynn by george manville fenn
wizard will by prentiss ingraham
the memoirs of the conquistador bernal diaz del castillo
woman under monasticism by lina eckenstein
the american quarterly review by various
the natural history of clay by alfred b. searle
notes and queries number 226 february 25 1854 by various
aphorisms and reflections from the works of t. h. huxley
the religion of politics by ezra s. gannett
the beauties of the state of washington by harry f. giles
fragonard by haldane macfall
a history of the growth of the steam-engine by robert h. thurston
three plays by granville-barker by harley granville-barker
the life and beauties of fanny fern by anonymous
coleridge by samuel levy bensusan
yorkshire family romance by frederick ross
critical studies by ouida
plain introduction to the criticism of the new testament
olive leaves by lydia howard sigourney
the pearl of peace by madeline leslie
delusion or the witch of new england by eliza buckminster lee
the wish by hermann sudermann
mr punch's model music hall songs and dramas by f. anstey
the harlequin opal vol. 1 (of 3) by fergus hume
the statute of anne by anno octavo
memoirs to illustrate the history of my time
kidnapping in the pacific by w. h. g. kingston
hieroglyphics by arthur machen
dr. arne and rule britannia by william hayman cummings
the danes sketched by themselves. vol. ii (of 3) by various
rembrandt's amsterdam by frits lugt
notes and queries number 135 may 29 1852 by various
the pastor's wife by elizabeth von arnim
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxvi july 1852 vol. v by various
superwomen by albert payson terhune
six women and the invasion by gabrielle yerta and marguerite yerta
a complete guide to heraldry by arthur charles fox-davies
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol 58 no. 357 july 1845 by various
the plant hunters by mayne reid
tales from the lands of nuts and grapes by various
mr. punch's cockney humour by various
the mysterious wanderer; vol. ii by sophia reeve
letters from rome on the council by johann joseph ignaz von d?nger
address to the first graduating class of rutgers female
philippine progress prior to 1898 by various
a mere chance vol. 1 of 3 by ada cambridge
the firebrand by s. r. crockett
the grecian daughter by arthur murphy
memlinc by w. h. james weale and j. cyril weale
influence and development of english gilds by francis aiden hibbert
the manifestation of the miraculous medal by anonymous
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 march 30th 1895 by various
feats on the fiord by harriet martineau
are we ruined by the germans? by harold cox
croquet by anonymous
dorothy at skyrie by evelyn raymond
more tales by polish authors by various
a history of the reformation (vol. 1 of 2) by thomas m. lindsay
folk stories from southern nigeria west africa by elphinstone dayrell
blade-o'-grass. golden grain. and bread and cheese and kisses
flowers of freethought by george w. foote
club life of london volume ii (of 2) by john timbs
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 7 by various
mildred arkell volume ii (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
bygone punishments by william andrews
yachting vol. 1 by edward sullivan lord brassey
key-notes of american liberty by various
nobody by susan warner
notes and queries number 236 may 6 1854 by various
select conversations with an uncle by h. g. wells
a july holiday in saxony bohemia and silesia by walter white
miss leslie's new cookery book by eliza leslie
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 120 october 1867 by various
sargent by t. martin wood
history of american abolitionism by f. g. de fontaine
wayside weeds by william hodgson ellis
george eliot's life vol. i (of 3) by george eliot
sound mind by john haslam
ulster folklore by elizabeth andrews
the enchanted castle by e. nesbit
first annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the
the christian church in these islands before the coming
the truth about america by edward money
the argentine as a market by n. l. watson
uruguay by william henry koebel
the galaxy by various
torrent of portyngale by unknown
poems of emile verhaeren by emile verhaeren
a bunch of cherries by l. t. meade
the triumph of hilary blachland by bertram mitford
a proposal for the better supplying of churches in our
critical examination of the life of st. paul by boulanger
flowers shown to the children by c. e. smith
arctic adventures by w. h. g. kingston
notes and queries vol. iv number 93 august 9 1851 by various
the little gleaner vol. x. by various
the memoirs of count carlo gozzi by count carlo gozzi
the hawthorne by anonymous
niece catherine by mary hampden
a foreword to the panama-pacific international exposition
the mormons and the theatre by john s. lindsay
courtship and marriage by annie s. swan
great mysteries and little plagues by john neal
titan: a romance by jean paul
through magic glasses and other lectures by arabella b. buckley
the comstock club by charles carroll goodwin
stories from virgil by alfred j. church
collector's handbook to keramics by william chaffers
violin making by walter h. mayson
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 122 december 1867 by various
the red cross barge by marie belloc lowndes
old church lore by william andrews
stained glass work by c. w. whall
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 56 number 350 by various
verse and worse by harry graham
cotton is king and the pro-slavery arguments by various
the thirteen little black pigs by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
the dispatch-riders by percy f. westerman
toy-making at home by morley adams
coaches and coaching by leigh hunt
socialism by john stuart mill
hero tales and legends of the serbians by woislav m. petrovitch
the jumblies and other nonsense verses by edward lear
a poached peerage by william magnay
red white blue socks part second by sarah l. barrow
g? arias by joaquin telesforo de trueba y cosio
the young lovell by ford madox hueffer
the panjandrum picture book by randolph caldecott
york minster by arthur perceval purey-cust
premo cameras 1914 by canadian kodak company
the fairies and the christmas child by lilian gask
spain by wentworth webster
the phantom world by augustin calmet
scenic mount lowe and its wonderful railway by george wharton james
chaucer's works volume 1 (of 7) -- romaunt of the rose;
a critical history of free thought in reference to the
fires - book ii by wilfrid wilson gibson
roger kyffin's ward by w. h. g. kingston
embryology by gerald r. leighton
the campaner thal and other writings by jean paul friedrich richter
the endowed charities of kensington by edward morton daniel
a literary and historical atlas of asia by j. g. bartholomew
the ms. in a red box by john arthur hamilton
brother jacques (novels of paul de kock volume xvii)
the traditional text of the holy gospels by john william burgon
the rise of the dutch kingdom by hendrik willem van loon
the mediterranean by thomas gray bonney e. a. r. ball
graham's magazine vol. xxxii no. 4 april 1848 by various
the awful australian by valerie desmond
the gold brick by ann s. stephens
limbo and other essays by vernon lee
the jolliest term on record by angela brazil
a commonplace book of thoughts memories and fancies by anna jameson
the rosicrucian mysteries by max heindel
margaret capel vol. 3 of 3 by ellen wallace
the expositor's bible: the first book of samuel by w. g. blaikie
lady anna by anthony trollope
felix holt the radical by george eliot
under padlock and seal by charles harold avery
private letters of edward gibbon (1753-1794)
highlife in new york: a series of letters to mr. zephariah slick
our bessie by rosa nouchette carey
scientific american supplement no. 648 june 2 1888 by various
a history of england principally in the seventeenth century
the twelve months of the year by unknown
blue-stocking hall (vol 1 of 3) by william pitt scargill
illustrated catalogue of locomotives by matthew baird
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 17 slice 3 by various
notes and queries number 192 july 2 1853 by various
the gold kloof by h. a. bryden
the last generation by james elroy flecker
england in the days of old by william andrews
directions for collecting and preserving insects by c. v. riley
the earl of mayo by william wilson hunter
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 january 1865 by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. 9 by various
the girls of central high on lake luna by gertrude w. morrison
dotty dimple at her grandmother's by sophie may
chaitanya and the vaishnava poets of bengal by john beames
memoirs of general william t. sherman vol. 2 part 2
the man upstairs by p. g. wodehouse
the story of my life by egerton ryerson
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 7 by marietta holley
indian speeches 1907-1909 by john morley
the bag of diamonds by george manville fenn
beacon lights of history volume x by john lord
the joyous adventures of aristide pujol by william j. locke
keineth by jane d. abbott
minnie's pet monkey by madeline leslie
walter sherwood's probation by horatio alger jr.
the love sonnets of a hoodlum wallace irwin
seeing europe with famous authors volume 1 by various
a doctor of the old school part 4 by ian maclaren
the worlds greatest books by various
the knights of the cross by henryk sienkiewicz
social life at rome in the age of cicero by w. warde fowler
the prince of graustark by g. b. mccutcheon
night watches part 4: the weaker vessel by w.w. jacobs
proportional representation applied to party government by ashworth
the gift of the magi by o. henry
in the sargasso sea by thomas a. janvier
rise of canada from barbarism to wealth & civilisation vol 1 by roger
the sayings of confucius
the eulogies of howard by william hayley
the atlantic monthly volume 4 no. 24 oct. 1859 by various
surgical anatomy by joseph maclise
the portent and other stories by george macdonald
punchinello vol. 1 no. 16 july 16 1870 by various
fix bay'nets by george manville fenn
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 17 no. 473
half hours in bible lands volume 2 by rev. p. c. headley
the two hundredth anniversary of the settlement of the town
in the court of king arthur by samuel lowe
the chaplet of pearls by charlotte m. yonge
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 42
the sister years (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
notes & queries no. 2 1849.11.10 by various
the lights and shadows of real life by t. s. arthur
dick prescott's second year at west point by h. irving hancock
the three clerks by anthony trollope
live to be useful by anonymous
the nine-tenths by james oppenheim
at love's cost by charles garvice
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the isle of manhattoes and nearby by charles m. skinner
cheap postage by joshua leavitt
the hollow of her hand by george barr mccutcheon
a rough shaking by george macdonald
diana of the crossways complete by george meredith
guy mannering or the astrologer complete by sir walter scott
an unwilling maid by jeanie gould lincoln
samantha among the brethren complete by marietta holley
concerning the spiritual in art by wassily kandinsky
london pride by m. e. braddon
helbeck of bannisdale vol. 2 by mrs. humphry ward
the pot boiler by upton sinclair
punch vol. 98 february 1 1890 ed by sir francis burnand
en route by joris-karl huysmans
stories by foreign authors: spanish by various
the golden calf by m. e. braddon
tales of a traveller by washington irving
for treasure bound by harry collingwood
life in the backwoods by susanna moodie
the history of don quixote vol. 1 complete
thrilling adventures by land and sea by james o. brayman
sganarelle by molire
principal cairns by john cairns
punch vol. 147 september 16 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the fight for conservation by gifford pinchot
the call of the south by louis becke
david poindexter's disappearance and other tales by julian hawthorne
rainbow's end by rex beach
clarissa volume 5 of 9 by samuel richardson
wacousta: a tale of the pontiac conspiracy complete by john richardson
finnish legends for english children by r. eivind
fortitude by hugh walpole
chambers's edinburgh journal vol. 18 new series no. 453 sep 4 1852
the pony rider boys in new mexico by frank gee patchin
lucky pehr by august strindberg
through siberia and manchuria by rail by oliver george ready
moonfleet by j. meade falkner
rollo in scotland by jacob abbott
divine songs by isaac watts
a thorny path complete by georg ebers
roughing it part 3 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
impressions of america by tyrone power
a project for flying by robert hardley
the bride of messina by frederich schiller
the greater inclination by edith wharton
biography of a slave by charles thompson
beric the briton by g. a. henty
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
marching men by sherwood anderson
the imaginary invalid by moliere
traditions of lancashire volume 2 (of 2) by john roby
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 6 by charles james lever
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 1
the exploring expedition to the rocky mountains oregon
quotes and images from the writings of abraham lincoln
christmas with grandma elsie by martha finley [a.k.a.: martha farquharson]
the guardian angel by w. w. jacobs
patty fairfield by carolyn wells
senatorial character by c. a. bartol
adela cathcart vol. 3 by george macdonald
in freedom's cause by g. a. henty
certain noble plays of japan by ezra pound
lectures of col. r. g. ingersoll latest vol. 2
parks for the people by various
great north-western conspiracy in all its startling details
esther by rosa nouchette carey
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 9 by gustave dore
the fortunes of nigel by sir walter scott
athelstane ford by allen upward
biographical sketch of joseph charless charlotte taylor blow charless
memories of bethany by john ross macduff
tudor and stuart love songs by various
heroes of the great conflict; william farrar smith by wilson
under the ensign of the rising sun by harry collingwood
phrases for public speakers and paragraphs for study
five-head creek; and fish drugging in the pacific by louis becke
the bracelets by maria edgeworth
the iron trail by rex beach
punch vol. 1 december 25 1841 ed. by mark lemon
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 2 part 6
children's rights by kate douglas wiggin and nora a. smith
from wealth to poverty by austin potter
a hazard of new fortunes by william dean howells
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
scientific american supplement no. 344 august 5 1882 by various
travels in morocco volume 2 by james richardson
heart and science by wilkie collins
fairy fingers by anna cora mowatt ritchie
what katy did next by susan coolidge
the stephens family by bascom asbury cecil stephens
scientific american supplement no. 497 july 11 1885 by various
the american missionary - volume 52 no. 2 june 1898 by various
three short works by gustave flaubert
our gift by teachers of the school street universalist
a wreath of virginia bay leaves by james barron hope
stray birds by rabindranath tagore
buried alive: a tale of these days by arnold bennett
a journey in russia in 1858 by robert heywood
the christian by hall caine
beltane the smith by jeffery farnol
i will repay by baroness emmuska orczy
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 9
who goes there? by blackwood ketcham benson
a texas matchmaker by andy adams
seven little australians by ethel turner
concerning cats by helen m. winslow
the vanishing man by r. austin freeman
national being by a. e. george william russell
sonny a christmas guest by ruth mcenery stuart
memoirs and correspondence of admiral lord de saumarez. vol ii
memoirs of margaret fuller ossoli vol. ii by margaret fuller ossoli
peter prim's profitable present by unknown
punch september 9 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
christianity and islam by c. h. becker
scientific american supplement no. 288 july 9 1881 by various
birds illustrated by color photography [may 1897] by various
innocent by marie corelli
isobel by james oliver curwood
london films by william dean howells
tales from bohemia by robert neilson stephens
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
allis family; or scenes of western life
the explorers of australia and their life-work by ernest favenc
the grocery man and peck's bad boy by george w. peck
the pilgrims of the rhine by edward bulwer lytton
an englishman's travels in america by john benwell
stories of great americans for little americans by edward eggleston
daddy takes us skating by howard r. garis
beacon lights of history volume 7 by john lord
the hedge school; the midnight mass; the donagh by william carleton
deccan nursery tales by c. a. kincaid
bertha by mary hazelton wade
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
virginians by william makepeace thackeray
songs of two by arthur sherburne hardy
vice in its proper shape by anonymous
with the turks in palestine by alexander aaronsohn
l'assommoir by emile zola
the great conspiracy part 1 by john alexander logan
journal of a tour to the hebrides with samuel johnson by james boswell
donahoe's magazine volume 15 no. 2 february 1886 by various
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 4 by gustave dore
with axe and rifle by w.h.g. kingston
exeter by sidney heath
at sunwich port part 4 chapters 16-20 by w. w. jacobs
beowulf by unknown
the long chance by peter b. kyne
instructions for the guidance of post office inspectors by campbell
new treasure seekers by e. (edith) nesbit
scientific american magazine vol. 2 issue 1 by various
damon and delia by william godwin
history of astronomy by george forbes
with trapper jim in the north woods by lawrence j. leslie
the dolliver romance by nathaniel hawthorne
poetical works of joseph addison john gay and william sommerville
at last by marion harland
god and my neighbour by robert blatchford
a leaf from the old forest by j. d. cossar
aunt harding's keepsakes by anonymous
the autobiography of a play by bronson howard
personal memoir of daniel drayton by daniel drayton
the rainbow and the rose by e. nesbit
st. elmo by augusta j. evans
the history of mr. polly by h. g. wells
seaboard parish vol. 1 by george macdonald
back to the woods by hugh mchugh [pseud. of george v. hobart]
this is the end by stella benson
the false faces by louis joseph vance
punch vol. 147 august 26th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
old greek folk stories told anew by josephine preston peabody
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 2 part 5
the letters of cassiodorus by cassiodorus
the precipice by ivan goncharov
2nd bn royal dublin fusiliers so. african war by romer & mainwaring
eve's diary part 3 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
moorish literature by anonymous
dikes and ditches by oliver optic
life letters and epicurean philosophy of ninon de l'enclos
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 2
little journeys to the homes of english authors by elbert hubbard
charlemont by w. gilmore simms
the battle of spring hill tennessee by john k. shellenberger
the gospel of the pentateuch by charles kingsley
the outdoor chums by captain quincy allen
on the pampas by g. a. henty
true to the old flag by g. a. henty
travels through the empire of morocco by john buffa
punchinello vol. 2 no. 37 december 10 1870 by various
the philosophical letters by frederich schiller
the second generation by david graham phillips
the kingdom of heaven; what is it? by edward burbidge
spiritual reformers in the 16th & 17th centuries by rufus m. jones
the possessed by fyodor dostoevsky
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 17 no. 482
homo by f. hopkinson smith
tales of war by lord dunsany
the white feather by p. g. wodehouse
the emperor complete by georg ebers
waverley volume ii by sir walter scott
after a shadow and other stories by t. s. arthur
four early pamphlets by william godwin
lost in the forest by r.m. ballantyne
privy seal by ford madox ford
bullets & billets by bruce bairnsfather
a desperate chance by old sleuth
constance dunlap by arthur b. reeve
the nursery december 1873 vol. xiv. no. 6 by various
letters and journals of james eighth earl of elgin
gems of poetry for girls and boys by unknown
oliver goldsmith by washington irving
deserted by edward bellamy
the emancipation of massachusetts by brooks adams
auld licht idyls by j. m. barrie
port of adventure by charles n. williamson and alice m. williamson
the rose in the ring by george barr mccutcheon
the aeroplane boys flight by john luther langworthy
the raid from beausejour; and how the carter boys lifted
bar-20 days by clarence e. mulford
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 20 no. 581
the ignatian epistles entirely spurious by william dool killen
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
woman and her saviour in persia by a returned missionary
the campaign of chancellorsville by theodore a. dodge
the vicar of bullhampton by anthony trollope
specimens with memoirs of the less-known british poets
the crisis volume 5 by winston churchill
the cuckoo clock by mrs. molesworth
on the equator by harry de windt
the claim jumpers by stewart edward white
the young explorer by horatio alger
a woman's journey round the world by ida pfeiffer
over the top by arthur guy empey
the spartan twins by lucy fitch perkins
religion and theology: a sermon for the times by john tulloch
the house of whispers by william le queux
history of steam on the erie canal by anonymous
the man whom the trees loved by algernon blackwood
punchinello vol. 2 no. 38 saturday december 17 1870 by various
a roman lawyer in jerusalem by w. w. story
the grand old man by richard b. cook
the curlytops on star island by howard r. garis
in times of peril by g. a. henty
pamela giraud by honore de balzac
tales of two countries by alexander kielland
quotes and images from the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt
dahcotah by mary eastman
the nursery september 1873 vol. xiv. no. 3 by various
through the eye of the needle by william dean howells
the garies and their friends by frank j. webb
creditors; pariah by august strindberg
brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 1 no. 9 sep 1895
average jones by samuel hopkins adams
printers' marks by william roberts
myths & legends of our new possessions & protectorate
the king of root valley by r. reinick
the unexpurgated case against women suffrage by almroth e. wright
the postmaster's daughter by louis tracy
the old man of the sea by w. w. jacobs
evan harrington vol. 2 by george meredith
normandy part 3 by gordon home
war is kind by stephen crane
a middy in command by harry collingwood
umbrellas and their history by william sangster
hira singh by talbot mundy
what katy did by susan coolidge
the gentle art of cooking wives by elizabeth strong worthington
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 13 november 1858 by various
the pilots of pomona by robert leighton
castle craneycrow by george barr mccutcheon
the gilded age part 7 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 number 361 november 1845
the young fur traders by r. m. ballantyne
how to marry well by mrs. hungerford
wacousta: a tale of the pontiac conspiracy vol. 3 by john richardson
the captain's bunk by m. b. manwell
write it right by ambrose bierce
a hundred years by post by j. wilson hyde
from a college window by arthur christopher benson
comic history of england by bill nye
a shropshire lad by a. e. housman
zicci complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the columbiad by joel barlow
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the book of delight and other papers by israel abrahams
romany of the snows complete by gilbert parker
one of our conquerors vol. 2 by george meredith
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 4
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
one day's courtship by robert barr
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
punchinello vol. 1 no. 18 july 30 1870 by various
atlantic monthly vol. 4 no. 25 november 1859 by various
homeward bound by w.w. jacobs
the kopje garrison by george manville fenn
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 6 by george meredith
at sunwich port part 5 chapters 21-25 by w. w. jacobs
the letters of robert burns
carmilla by j. sheridan lefanu
the life of nelson vol. i (of 2) by a. t. (alfred thayer) mahan
wild kitty by l. t. meade
the cruise of the dazzler by jack london
valentine m'clutchy the irish agent by william carleton
the young oarsmen of lakeview by ralph bonehill
christie the king's servant by mrs. o. f. walton
alice sit-by-the-fire by j. m. barrie
the sorrows of a show girl by kenneth mcgaffey
the vanishing race by joseph dixon
hamlet by william shakespeare
vandrad the viking by j. storer clouston
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 39
the bobbsey twins on a houseboat by laura lee hope
self-help by w.w. jacobs
the mystery of the boule cabinet by burton egbert stevenson
the night land by william hope hodgson
the soul of democracy by edward howard griggs
posthumous works by mary wollstonecraft godwin
one of our conquerors vol. 4 by george meredith
eve's diary complete by mark twain (samuel clemens)
more about peggy by mrs g. de horne vaizey
american historical and literary antiquities part 1
northern nut growers association report of the proceedings
fathers of biology by charles mcrae
on conducting by richard wagner
lady mary and her nurse by catharine parr strickland traill
the war and democracy by r. w. seton-watson j. dover wilson
among malay pirates by g. a. henty
captains all book 3: the nest egg by w. w. jacobs
a spelling-book for advanced classes by william t. adams
the toll-house by w.w. jacobs
athens: its rise and fall vol. 1 by edward bulwer-lytton
following the equator part 2 by mark twain
the heart of rachael by kathleen norris
miracles of our lord by george macdonald
the apricot tree by unknown
the hunted woman by james oliver curwood
the turquoise cup and the desert by arthur cosslett smith
tropic days by e. j. banfield
the game of logic by lewis carroll
lights and shadows of the south by charles m. skinner
a surgeon in belgium by henry sessions souttar
eclectic school readings: stories from life by orison swett marden
punch vol. 153 july 11 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
maxims of his grace the duke of wellington by wellington
aunt jane's nieces in society by edith van dyne
aunt friendly's picture book by anonymous
beauchamp's career complete by george meredith
a doctor of the old school part 2 by ian maclaren
the life and times of john wilkins by patrick a. wright-henderson
a cotswold village by j. arthur gibbs
melbourne house volume 2 by susan warner
observations by mr. dooley by finley peter dunne
patty at home by carolyn wells
an algonquin maiden by g. mercer adam and a. ethelwyn wetherald
the kiltartan history book by lady i. a. gregory
a practical view of the prevailing religious system ... by wilberforce
the little lady of the big house by jack london
adventures of huckleberry finn part 4 by mark twain
obiter dicta by augustine birrell
the story and song of black roderick by dora sigerson
rico and wiseli by johanna spyri
expositions of holy scripture: st. john chapters 15 to 21
buchanan's journal of man july 1887 v.1 no.6 ed. by j.r. buchanan
the rebellion of margaret by geraldine mockler
scientific american supplement no. 430 march 29 1884 by various
the invisible man by h. g. wells
on the indian sect of the jainas by johann george buehler
private life of napoleon by pierre antoine edouard fleury de chaboulon
the abbot by sir walter scott
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 july 22 1914 by various
the youthful wanderer by george h. heffner
in the closed room by frances hodgson burnett
happy little edward by unknown
the daemon of the world by percy bysshe shelley
diaries of sir moses and lady montefiore volume i
a soldier of the empire by thomas nelson page
mother hubbard picture book by walter crane
scientific american supplement no. 488 may 9 1885 by various
the frontiersmen by charles egbert craddock
ancient states and empires by john lord
first impressions of the new world by isabella strange trotter
verses by susan coolidge
up the hill and over by isabel ecclestone mackay
the battle ground by ellen glasgow
the gilded age part 6 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
sioux indian courts by doane robinson
the conuercyon of swerers by stephen hawes
the story of a child by pierre loti
beacon lights of history volume 2 by john lord
evesham by edmund h. new
scientific american supplement no. 324 march 18 1882 by various
king of the khyber rifles by talbot mundy
practical taxidermy by montagu browne
dave dashaway and his hydroplane by roy rockwood
expositions of holy scriptures by alexander maclaren
the green mouse by robert w. chambers
remarks on clarissa (1749) by sarah fielding
a history of pantomime by r. j. broadbent
tom swift and his great searchlight by victor appleton
bunch grass by horace annesley vachell
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 20 no. 556
the prince and the pauper part 5 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
germany bohemia and hungary visited in 1837. vol. ii by g. r. gleig
the voice on the wire by eustace hale ball
a fascinating traitor by col. richard henry savage
the bobbsey twins at the seashore by laura lee hope
journalism for women by e. a. bennett
report of the lords commissioners for trade and plantations
the economist vol. 1 no. 3 ed. by james wilson
in the fog by richard harding davis
lays from the west by m. a. nicholl
the short line war by samuel merwin
a history of the japanese people by frank brinkley
geoffrey strong by laura e. richards
the story of my first novel; how a novel is written
serapis complete by georg ebers
that scholarship boy by emma leslie
miss lou by e. p. roe
martin of nitendi; and the river of dreams by louis becke
normandy complete by gordon home
queen mary and harold by alfred lord tennyson
beauchamp's career vol. 1 by george meredith
the moving finger by mary gaunt
autobiography of sir george biddell airy by george biddell airy
the rivals by richard brinsley sheridan
marjorie's three gifts by louisa may alcott
nuts for future historians to crack by various
the listeners and other poems by walter de la mare
moon lore by timothy harley
the picture alphabet by oliver spafford
lost on the moon by roy rockwood
double dealing by w.w. jacobs
the crisis complete by winston churchill
watersprings by arthur christopher benson
poems 1817 by john keats
the faithless parrot by charles h. bennett
american historical and literary antiquities series ii
the story of the soil by cyril g. hopkins
the athenian constitution by aristotle
for the temple by g. a. henty
stories of king arthur's knights by mary macgregor
caleb in the country by jacob abbott
the boy knight by g.a. henty
the broad highway by jeffery farnol
the second william penn by william h. ryus
a complete grammar of esperanto by ivy kellerman reed
scientific american supplement no. 531 march 6 1886 by various
hall of fantasy (from mosses from an old manse) nathaniel hawthorne
the ball and the cross by g.k. chesterton
atlantic monthly vol. iv no. 26 december 1859 by various
the story of the prophet jonas by anonymous
louisa pallant by henry james
the cobbler in the devil's kitchen by mary hartwell catherwood
of natural and supernatural things by basilius valentinus
mary stuart by frederich schiller
dab kinzer by william o. stoddard
the american missionary volume 50 no. 05 may 1896 by various
vittoria vol. 4 by george meredith
canadian crusoes by catherine parr traill
a terrible temptation by charles reade
happy-thought hall by f. c. burnand
a daughter of fife by amelia edith barr
notes by the way in a sailor's life by arthur e. knights
homer's odyssey by denton j. snider
an old man's love by anthony trollope
over the top with the 25th by r. lewis
narrative of a survey of the intertropical and western coasts
lippincott's magazine april 1875 vol. xv. no. 88 by various
the moon metal by garrett p. serviss
america to-day observations and reflections by william archer
nero claudius caesar (nero) by c. suetonius tranquillus
richard carvel volume 8 by winston churchill
via crucis by f. marion crawford
punchinello vol. 1 issue 10 saturday june 4 1870 by various
the devil's admiral by frederick ferdinand moore
a woman's impression of the philippines by mary helen fee
windy mcpherson's son by sherwood anderson
growth of the soil by knut hamsun
with the immortal seventh division by e. j. kennedy
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 19 no. 547
home lights and shadows by t. s. arthur
friends in need by w. w. jacobs
scientific american supplement no. 460 october 25 1884 by various
dialstone lane part 5 by w.w. jacobs
all afloat by william wood
the path of life by stijn streuvels
frontier stories by bret harte
verse and prose for beginners in reading by various
the gods of pegana by lord dunsany
belles and ringers by hawley smart
gas and oil engines simply explained by walter c. runciman
the miser (l'avare) by moliere
riley farm-rhymes by james whitcomb riley
the sword of welleran and other stories by lord dunsany
farm ballads by will carleton
two years ago volume 2 by charles kingsley
ice creams water ices frozen puddings together with
turkey: a past and a future by arnold joseph toynbee
the trial and execution for petit treason of mark and phillis
the romance of elaine by arthur b. reeve
select temperance tracts by american tract society
happy days by alan alexander milne
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 1 part 2
in midsummer days and other tales by august strindberg
the lost trail by edward s. ellis
peter's pence by w.w. jacobs
literary and general lectures and essays by charles kingsley
my first voyage to southern seas by w.h.g. kingston
the knave of diamonds by ethel may dell
the cell of self-knowledge by various
hampton court by walter jerrold
in exile and other stories by mary hallock foote
a phantom lover by vernon lee
american historical and literary antiquities part 16
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 4 by mark twain
a handbook of the boer war by gale and polden limited
the nursery no. 107 november 1875 vol. 18 by various
the crimes of england by g.k. chesterton
boy scouts in a submarine by g. harvey ralphson
the life of kit carson by edward s. ellis
big game by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the standard operaglass by charles annesley
souvenirs de voyage by m. et mme mercier-thoinnet
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
the continental monthly vol. 3 no. 1 january 1863 by various
the landloper by holman day
the brown mask by percy j. brebner
celebrated travels and travellers part 2 by jules verne
romance of roman villas by elizbeth williams champney
the innocents abroad part 6 of 6 by mark twain
lippincott's magazine february 1876 vol. xvii no. 98 by various
stones of venice [introductions] by john ruskin
five little peppers and their friends by margaret sidney
the dream doctor by arthur b. reeve
miscellaneous prose by george meredith
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 1 november 1875 by various
a dog of flanders by louisa de la ram
ten nights in a bar room by t. s. arthur
the history of gutta-percha willie by george macdonald
modern history from the time of luther to the fall of napoleon by lord
joyce morrell's harvest by emily sarah holt
folk-lore and legends: german by anonymous
a flock of girls and boys by nora perry
phantom fortune a novel by m. e. braddon
love the fiddler by lloyd osbourne
the master of silence by irving bacheller
the love letters of dorothy osborne to sir william temple 1652-54parry
the history of tom jones a foundling by henry fielding
jim waring of sonora-town by henry herbert knibbs
the palace of darkened windows by mary hastings bradley
ensign knightley and other stories by a. e. w. mason
lady of the decoration by frances little
the wagnerian romances by gertrude hall
my flower-pot by unknown
the cinema murder by e. phillips oppenheim
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 1
a foregone conclusion by william dean howells
ancient america in notes on american archaeology by john d. baldwin
wolves of the sea by randall parrish
the young adventurer by horatio alger
the woman who did by grant allen
the wonders of a toy shop by anonymous
charles o'malley the irish dragoon vol. 2 of 2 by charles lever
the prince and the pauper part 2 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the home acre by e. p. roe
the man on the box by harold macgrath
lessons in life for all who will read them by t. s. arthur
peter bell the third by percy bysshe shelley
the trespasser complete by gilbert parker
khartoum campaign 1898 by bennet burleigh
in wicklow and west kerry by john m. synge
fanny the flower-girl by selina bunbury
a letter to a hindu by leo tolstoy
the forest by stewart edward white
whig against tory by anonymous
songs of two nations by algernon charles swinburne
the good time coming by t. s. arthur
under the skylights by henry blake fuller
a man of samples by wm. h. maher
pretty tales for the nursery by isabel thompson
the riflemen of the miami by edward s. ellis
the further adventures of quincy adams sawyer and
the scouts of stonewall by joseph a. altsheler
light freights complete by w. w. jacobs
earl hubert's daughter by emily sarah holt
birds of prey by m. e. braddon
we girls: a home story by mrs. a. d. t. whitney
mary anerley by r. d. blackmore
general gordon by j. wardle
on a torn-away world by roy rockwood
mother earth vol. 1 no. 1 march 1906 ed. by emma goldman
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 2 by george meredith
medical properties of the habitual use of tobacco by a. mcallister
at agincourt by g. a. henty
the leatherwood god by william dean howells
her weight in gold by george barr mccutcheon
the maid of maiden lane by amelia e. barr
the majesty of calmness by william george jordan
child-land by oscar pletsch and m. rictor
are the effects of use and disuse inherited? by william platt ball
mr. bingle by george barr mccutcheon
the bravo by j. fenimore cooper
why worry? by george lincoln walton m.d.
the flyers by george barr mccutcheon
between whiles by helen hunt jackson
robert louis stevenson an elegy and other poems
on nothing & kindred subjects by hilaire belloc
the golden legend by henry wadsworth longfellow
the fight for the republic in china by b. l. putnam weale
golden days for boys and girls vol. xiii no. 51 nov 12 1892
anna st. ives by thomas holcroft
the head of the family by w.w. jacobs
curious if true by elizabeth gaskell
charlie scott by unknown
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
what's bred in the bone by grant allen
every man his own poet by newdigate prizeman
out of the fog by c. k. ober
roast beef medium by edna ferber
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
captains all book 1 by w. w. jacobs
dew drops vol. 37 no. 9 march 1 1914 ed. by george e. cook
the flying doctor by jean baptiste poquelin de moli?
calvary alley by alice hegan rice
bits about home matters by helen hunt jackson
the modern scottish minstrel volume iii by various
freedom in service by fossey john cobb hearnshaw
stephen archer and other tales by george macdonald
drusilla with a million by elizabeth cooper
punch vol. 152 february 28 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
the attach by thomas chandler haliburton
the woman with the fan by robert hichens
passages from the french and italian notebooks volume 2
tales of a wayside inn by henry wadsworth longfellow
working in the shade by theodore p. wilson
lying prophets by eden phillpotts
the ordinance of covenanting by john cunningham
the world's greatest books vol. 6 by various
works of the right honourable edmund burke vol. vii (of 12)
the mirror of literature amusement & instruction vol. 13 no. 366
the magnificent ambersons by booth tarkington
lives of eminent grammarians and rhetoricians
lippincott's magazine july 1885 by various
oregon washington and alaska; sights and scenes for the tourist
the anti-slavery harp by various
an essay on the antient and modern state of ireland by henry brooke
how to cook husbands by elizabeth strong worthington
manures and the principles of manuring by charles morton aikman
the anatomy of melancholy by democritus junior
the hermit and the wild woman by edith wharton
the ducks and frogs by fanny fire-fly
archie's mistake by g. e. wyatt
the comrade in white by w. h. leathem
fitz the filibuster by george manville fenn
life in the clearings versus the bush by susanna moodie
for gold or soul? by lurana w. sheldon
servia youngest member of the european family andrew archibald paton
the silver horde by rex beach
humanity in the city by e. h. chapin
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
hortus vitae by violet paget
battle-pieces and aspects of the war by herman melville
how to teach by george drayton strayer and naomi norsworthy
theological essays and other papers vol. 2 by thomas de quincey
alaeddin and the enchanted lamp by john payne
beauty and the beast by marie le prince de beaumont
the beaux-stratagem by george farquhar
brewster's millions by george barr mccutcheon
the botanic garden. part 2 by erasmus darwin
browne's folly by nathaniel hawthorne
caesar: a sketch by james anthony froude
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 9 by mark twain
with cochrane the dauntless by george alfred henty
the art or crafte of rhetoryke by leonard cox
a knight of the nineteenth century by e. p. roe
monsieur maurice by amelia b. edwards
among my books by james russell lowell
the arena by various
aunt mary's primer by anonymous
plays: the father; countess julie; the outlaw; the stronger
oriental literature by anonymous
rudin by ivan turgenev
crown and anchor: under the pen'ant by john conroy hutcheson
dual control by w. w. jacobs
the practice and science of drawing by harold speed
a sailor of king george by frederick hoffman
poems by john l. stoddard
the heart of happy hollow by paul laurence dunbar
across the zodiac by percy greg
the great events by famous historians volume 5 by various
the master detective by percy james brebner
the love-tiff by molire
considerations on representative government by john stuart mill
vittoria vol. 3 by george meredith
punch vol. 146 january 7 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
government by the brewers? by adolph keitel
godliness by catherine booth
separation and service by james hudson taylor
the subjection of women by john stuart mill
elsie dinsmore by martha finley
the velvet glove by henry seton merriman
three dialogues between hylas and philonous in opposition
the ramayan of valmiki by various
only an incident by grace denio litchfield
cap'n dan's daughter joseph c. lincoln
introductory american history by henry eldridge bourne
seven little people and their friends by horace elisha scudder
the masquerader by katherine cecil thurston
a romance of billy-goat hill by alice hegan rice
a touch of sun and other stories by mary hallock foote
a woman's life-work by laura s. haviland
the power and the glory by grace macgowan cooke
children's classics in dramatic form book two by augusta stevenson
stories by foreign authors: vol. 2 german by various
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 3 by charles james lever
the land of the blessed virgin; sketches and impressions
the mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 3 mar 1810
starr king in california by william day simonds
the history of david grieve by mrs. humphry ward
second sight by sepharial
the grip of desire by hector france
the fair maid of perth by sir walter scott
as a matter of course by annie payson call
roughing it part 5 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
scientific american vol. 17 no. 26 december 28 1867 by various
with edged tools by henry seton merriman
scientific american supplement no. 530 february 27 1886 by various
the writings of james russell lowell in prose and poetry volume v
the repairing & restoration of violins by horace petherick
a poetical cook-book by maria j. moss
robert elsmere by mrs. humphry ward
fallen star and origin of evil by bulwer & brougham
the hampstead mystery by john r. watson and arthur j. rees
the story of electricity by john munro
rowena & harold by wm. stephen pryer
home scenes and home influence by t. s. arthur
the american child by elizabeth mccracken
the child of the dawn by arthur christopher benson
rhoda fleming complete by george meredith
sketches new and old part 3 by mark twain
sylvia's marriage by upton sinclair
the iroquois book of rites by horatio hale
a patriotic schoolgirl by angela brazil
jack and jill and old dame gill by unknown
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
lord milner's work in south africa by w. basil worsfold
the rover boys in new york by arthur m. winfield
lunar caustic in the cure of ulcers by john higginbottom
the point of view by elinor glyn
the story of a robin by agnes s. underwood
frank roscoe's secret by allen chapman
beacon lights of history volume 1 by john lord
the parisians complete by edward bulwer-lytton
punch vol. 1 july 17 1841 ed. by mark lemon
fifty-one tales by lord dunsany
the ancient life history of the earth by henry alleyne nicholson
grace harlowe's senior year at high school by jessie graham flower
pig-headed sailor men by louis becke
historic boys by elbridge streeter brooks
the automobile girls at washington by laura dent crane
aratra pentelici seven lectures on the
the heroic women of early indiana methodism: an address
meadow grass by alice brown
the adventures of hugh trevor by thomas holcroft
blackwood's edinburgh magazine - volume 55 no. 343
the boy slaves by mayne reid
night watches by w. w. jacobs
punch vol. 99 november 8 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
a study of hawthorne by george parsons lathrop
the web of life by robert herrick
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 6
jewish history by s. m. dubnow
sanctuary by edith wharton
discourses by thomas h. huxley
sandra belloni vol. 7 by george meredith
the martial adventures of henry and me by william allen white
the saint by antonio fogazzaro
wee tim'rous beasties by douglas english
maintaining health by r. l. alsaker
paris war days by charles inman barnard
precaution by james fenimore cooper
for better or worse by w. w. jacobs
life on the mississippi part 6 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
rhoda fleming vol. 2 by george meredith
the dozen from lakerim by rupert hughes
reincarnation by swami abhedananda
the world's greatest books vol. 1 by various
oxford by frederick douglas how
the iron game by henry francis keenan
rung ho! by talbot mundy
the first distiller by leo tolstoy
the sand-hills of jutland by hans christian andersen
the zeit-geist by lily dougall
home again by george macdonald
the bradys and the girl smuggler by francis w. doughty
a little pilgrim by margaret o. wilson oliphant
the children: some educational problems by alexander darroch
a treatise on the art of dancing by giovanni-andrea gallini
the hudson and its hills by charles m. skinner
the american missionary volume 50 no. 9 september 1896
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
between friends by robert w. chambers
diseases of the horse's foot by harry caulton reeks
with moore at corunna by g. a. henty
seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology
lincoln letters by abraham lincoln
childe harold's pilgrimage by lord byron
education as service by j. krishnamurti
richard carvel complete by winston churchill
the face and the mask by robert barr
thaumaturgia by an oxonian
lonesome land by b. m. bower
turned adrift by harry collingwood
at aboukir and acre by george alfred henty
the pomp of yesterday by joseph hocking
princess polly's playmates by amy brooks
maxims for revolutionists by george bernard shaw
the case of wagner nietzsche contra wanger by friedrich nietsche
traffics and discoveries by rudyard kipling
creative impulse in industry by helen marot
bohemian san francisco by clarence e. edwords
with kelly to chitral by william george laurence beynon
by canoe and dog-train by egerton ryerson young
monsieur de pourceaugnac by molire
the gray dawn by stewart edward white
annie kilburn by william dean howells
scientific american supplement no. 446 july 19 1884 by various
primitive love and love-stories by henry theophilus finck
the atonement and the modern mind by james denney
the devil's pool by george sand
a little journey to puerto rico by marian m. george
the money moon by jeffery farnol
at the villa rose by a. e. w. mason
one of our conquerors vol. 3 by george meredith
from whose bourne by robert barr
the mirror july 5 1828 issue no. 321 by various
two years in the french west indies by lafcadio hearn
punch vol. 103 august 27 1892 ed. by sir francis burnand
five little peppers grown up by margaret sidney
alarms and discursions by gilbert keith chesterton
crusaders of new france: a chronicle of the fleur-de-lis
the rover boys at college by edward stratemeyer
miss ludington's sister by edward bellamy
the whole family by various
the atlantic monthly vol. iv no. 22 august 1859 by various
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
in the wilderness by robert hichens
the man who would be king by rudyard kipling
the principles of success in literature by george henry lewes
the american missionary -- volume 48 no. 7 july 1894 by various
a treatise of witchcraft by alexander roberts
the press-gang afloat and ashore by john r. hutchinson
cowmen and rustlers by edward s. ellis
the diamond lens by fitz-james o'brien
the rover boys in business by arthur m. winfield
wanderings in south america by charles waterton
short stories and selections for use in the
the chautauqua girls at home by pansy
life on the mississippi part 8 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the yosemite by john muir
the knickerbocker or new-york monthly magazine june 1844 by various
the house with the green shutters by george douglas brown
the golden magnet by george manville fenn
walter harland by harriet s. caswell
bartleby the scrivener by herman melville
bilingualism by n. a. belcourt
the motor car dumpy book by t. w. h. crosland
the beautiful by vernon lee
the lone wolf by louis joseph vance
the attach volume 2 by thomas chandler haliburton
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. 23 by various
the sundering flood by morris william
the atlantic monthly vol. 4 no. 21 july 1859 by various
cassell's vegetarian cookery by a. g. payne
new temperance tales no. 1: the son of my friend by t. s. arthur
the emperor's rout by unknown
the professional aunt by mary c. e. wemyss
crown and sceptre by george manville fenn
an enquiry into the origin of honour and the usefulness
practical illustration of woman's right to labor by marie e. zakrzewska
captains all book 8: the temptation of samuel burge by w. w. jacobs
forests of maine by jacob s. abbott
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
a little rebel by mrs. hungerford
scientific american supplement no. 384 may 12 1883 by various
gaslight sonatas by fannie hurst
a modern chronicle volume 8 by winston churchill
the lost kitty by harriette newell woods baker (a.k.a. aunt hattie)
colonel carter of cartersville by f. hopkinson smith
a sermon preached on the anniversary of the boston female
rodman the boatsteerer and other stories by louis becke
van bibber and others by richard harding davis
the grimke sisters by catherine h. birney
the idler magazine volume iii june 1893 by various
analysis of antient mythology volume ii (of vi) by jacob bryant
the calling of dan matthews by harold bell wright
punchinello vol. 2 no. 27 october 1 1870 by various
the book of old english ballads by george wharton edwards
stories by english authors: the sea by various
the blue bird: a fairy play in six acts by maurice maeterlinck
concerning bully hayes by louis becke
the heart of una sackville by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the sisters complete by georg ebers
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 6 by marietta holley
my novel complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the history of little peter the ship boy by w.h.g. kingston
tactical use of the three arms by francis j. lippitt
the mayor's wife by anna katharine green
adventures of huckleberry finn part 7 by mark twain
pink and white tyranny by harriet beecher stowe
continental monthly vol. 4 no 3 september 1863 by various
the nursery may 1873 vol. xiii. by various
we of the never-never by jeanie mrs. aeneas gunn
ruggles of red gap by harry leon wilson
the detection of forgery by douglas blackburn and waithman caddell
an outback marriage by andrew barton paterson
an essay on the scriptural doctrine of immortality by james challis
ancient egyptian and greek looms by h. ling roth
overbeck by j. beavington atkinson
rosy by mrs. molesworth
edmund dulac's fairy-book by edmund dulac
aunt jane's nieces and uncle john by edith van dyne
man with two left feet by p. g. wodehouse
clarissa volume 1 of 9 by samuel richardson
georgian poetry 1911-12 by various
the old stone house by anne march
expositions of holy scripture by alexander maclaren
the cities of refuge: or the name of jesus by john ross macduff
the napoleon of the people by honore de balzac
notes and queries number 210 november 5 1853 by various
t. flavius vespasianus augustus (vespasian) by c. suetonius tranquillus
fairy tales of hans christian andersen by hans christian andersen
a christmas posy by mary louisa stewart molesworth
the stewardship of the soil by john henry worst
europe revised by irvin s. cobb
the way of peace by james allen
the ancestral footstep (fragment) by nathaniel hawthorne
peveril of the peak by sir walter scott
pax vobiscum by henry drummond
the life of lord byron by john galt
the botanical magazine vol. 8 by william curtis
change in the village by george sturt (a.k.a. george bourne)
ronald morton or the fire ships by w.h.g. kingston
the treasure-train by arthur b. reeve
hauntings by vernon lee
a general history and collection of voyages and travels vol. 1
three at table by w.w. jacobs
ancient town-planning by f. haverfield
the amazing marriage vol. 5 by george meredith
field and forest by oliver optic
a shepherd's life by w. h. hudson
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 8 by gustave dore
the world's greatest books vol 5 by various
scientific american volume xxxvi. no. 8 february 24 1877
somewhere in france and other stories by richard harding davis
punchinello vol. 1 no. 14 july 2 1870 by various
redburn. his first voyage by herman melville
the sign at six by stewart edward white
the poisoned pen by arthur b. reeve
a treatise of human nature vols. 1 & 2 by david hume
a woman intervenes by robert barr
the faith of the millions (2nd series) by george tyrrell
dark hollow by anna katherine green
travels in the great desert of sahara by james richardson
familiar letters of chemistry by justus liebig
the spirit proper to the times by james walker
till the clock stops by john joy bell
the life of col. james gardiner by p. doddridge
chinkie's flat and other stories by louis becke
punchinello vol. 1 no. 7 may 14 1870 by various
sketches new and old part 2 by mark twain
state trials political and social vol. 1 of 2 by various
heads and tales ed. by adam white
the potiphar papers by george william curtis
hebrew heroes by charlotte maria tucker (a.k.a. a.l.o.e.)
gaspar ruiz by joseph conrad
the continental monthly vol. 6 no. 6 december 1864 by various
dream tales and prose poems by ivan turgenev
a report on the feasibility and advisability of some policy
john frewen south sea whaler by louis becke
men women and ghosts by elizabeth stuart phelps
the crime of the french cafe and other stories by nicholas carter
following the equator part 7 by mark twain
a fool for love by francis lynde
the descent of man & other stories by edith wharton
the eskdale herd-boy by mrs blackford
celebrated travels and travellers part 3 by jules verne
fragments from france by captain bruce bairnsfather
the vision of hell part 3 by dante alighieri
stories from the italian poets with lives of the writers vol. 1
the crown of life by george gissing
scientific american supplement no. 417 december 29 1883 by various
adventures of huckleberry finn part 1 by mark twain
the companions of jehu by alexandre dumas
wild youth complete by gilbert parker
the old man in the corner by baroness orczy
roughing it part 8 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
fair margaret by h. rider haggard
over the pass by frederick palmer
vegetable teratology by maxwell t. masters
sir george tressady vol. ii by mrs. humphry ward
the vision of hell complete by dante alighieri
lord ormont and his aminta vol. 1 by george meredith
foliage by william h. davies
cecilia vol. 2 of 3 memoirs of an heiress by frances burney
rollo at play by jacob abbott
m. salvius otho (otho) by c. suetonius tranquillus
atlantic monthly vol. 5 issue 6 no. 31 may 1860 by various
stand by! by henry taprell dorling
broad grins by george colman the younger
the courage of the commonplace by mary raymond shipman andrews
punch vol. 153 aug 15 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
diana of the crossways vol. 5 by george meredith
who wrote the bible? by washington gladden
poems (1786) volume 1 by helen maria williams
captains all book 9: the madness of mr. lister by w. w. jacobs
moths of the limberlost by gene stratton-porter
danger! a true history by william howe and abraham hummel
life and character of henry winter davis by john a. j. creswell
the evil guest by j. sheridan le fanu
madame de mauves by henry james
the voyage of the aurora by harry collingwood
peeps at many lands: australia by frank fox
the bores by molire
in the heart of the rockies by g. a. henty
station amusements by lady barker
peck's bad boy abroad by george w. peck
a doctor of the old school complete by ian maclaren
beacon lights of history volume 6 by john lord
the lonely dancer and other poems by richard le gallienne
notes and queries number 219 january 7 1854 by various
getting married by george bernard shaw
the secret rose by w. b. yeats
notes and queries number 33 june 15 1850 by various
the house of atreus by aeschylus
punch vol. 146 june 3 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
bakchesarian fountain and other poems by alexander pushkin and various
at sunwich port complete by w. w. jacobs
children's books and their illustrators by gleeson white
young lives by richard le gallienne
recalled to life by grant allen
history of the confederate powder works by geo. w. rains
a traveller in war-time by winston churchill
together by robert herrick
the adventures of tom sawyer part 4 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
lord john russell by stuart j. reid
the shaving of shagpat vol. 2 by george meredith
history of modern europe 1972-1878 by c. a. fyffe
steam steel and electricity by james w. steele
on and near the delaware by charles m. skinner
central states and great lakes by charles m. skinner
richard carvel volume 7 by winston churchill
the lost trail by edward s. ellis
songs and other verse by eugene field
life on the mississippi part 5 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
cape cod ballads and other verse by joseph c. lincoln
jack mason the old sailor by theodore thinker
nothing to eat by horatio alger and thomas chandler haliburton
dora deane by mary j. holmes
punch vol. 153 aug 29 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
in mesopotamia by martin swayne
beacon lights of history volume 11 by john lord
the roll-call by arnold bennett
scientific american supplement no. 358 november 11 1882 by various
passages from the american notebooks volume 2 by nathaniel hawthorne
fun and nonsense by willard bonte
dick and his cat by mary ellis
two little savages by ernest thompson seton
culm rock by glance gaylord
laughable lyrics by edward lear
the defeat of youth and other peoms by aldous huxley
punch vol. 99 december 6 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
the biography of a grizzly by ernest seton-thompson
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 6 by george meredith
a siren by thomas adolphus trollope
the gilpins and their fortunes by william h. g. kingston
fishy-winkle by jean c. archer
punchinello vol. 1 no. 5 april 30 1870 by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 56 number 347
in and out of three normandy inns by anna bowman dodd
how private george w. peck put down the rebellion by george w. peck
girls of the forest by l. t. meade
the shaving of shagpat vol. 1 by george meredith
the disowned complete by edward bulwer-lytton
richard of jamestown by james otis
punch vol. 1 december 4 1841 ed. by mark lemon
master skylark by john bennett
the life of george washington volume i by washington irving
timothy crump's ward: a story of american life by horatio alger
the atlantic monthly volume v number 29 march 1860 by various
path flower and other verses by olive t. dargan
the royal game of ombre by anonymous
sketches of the fair sex in all parts of the world by anonymous
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 2 by gustave dore
two years with the natives in the western pacific by felix speiser
the leopard woman by stewart edward white
the splash of a drop by a. m. worthington
an original belle by e. p. roe
de amicitia scipio's dream by marcus tullius ciceronis
the american type of isthmian canal by john fairfield dryden
a memory of the southern seas by louis becke
home lyrics by hannah s. battersby
critical miscellanies vol. 3 of 3 by john morley
the impostures of scapin by molire
in our first year of the war by woodrow wilson
at sunwich port part 1 chapters 1-5 by w. w. jacobs
bert lloyd's boyhood by j. mcdonald oxley
the last tournament by alfred lord tennyson
the mountains of california by john muir
the politeness of princes by p. g. wodehouse
the wedding guest by t. s. arthur
a little bush maid by mary grant bruce
leslie ross by charles bruce
that gospel sermon on the blessed hope by dwight lyman moody
ten boys from dickens by kate dickinson sweetser
lord ormont and his aminta vol. 4 by george meredith
java head by joseph hergesheimer
chips from a german workshop. volume iii by max m?r
tales of men and ghosts by edith wharton
female scripture biographies vol. 2 by francis augustus cox
ainslee's vol. 15 no. 5 june 1905 by various
punch vol. 1 october 30 1841 ed. by mark lemon
fanshawe by nathaniel hawthorne
punch among the planets christmas number 1890 ed. by francis burnand
a publisher and his friends by samuel smiles
american historical and literary antiquities part 22
in the mist of the mountains by ethel turner
the life of charles dickens vol. i-iii complete by john forster
the young engineers in colorado by h. irving hancock
daniel deronda by george eliot
algonquin indian tales by egerton r. young
famous affinities of history vol. 2 by lyndon orr
a deal in wheat by frank norris
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 17
life on the mississippi part 9 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the scottish chiefs by jane porter
old apple dealer (from mosses from an old manse)
his second wife by ernest poole
uncle william by jennette lee
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 10
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
chimes of mission bells by maria antonia field
children of borneo by edwin herbert gomes
beyond the marshes by ralph connor
chronicles of canada volume 12 of 32 the father of british canada:
i spy by natalie sumner lincoln
curly and floppy twistytail by howard r. garis
plain words from america by douglas w. johnson
report on surgery to the santa clara county medical society by j.b. cox
the nation in a nutshell by george makepeace towle
our master by bramwell booth
dr. scudder's tales for little readers about the heathen by scudder
ethel hollister's second summer as a campfire girl irene elliott benson
exposition of holy scripture by alexander maclaren
captains all book 10: the white cat by w. w. jacobs
the uninhabited house by mrs. j. h. riddell
piano mastery by harriette brower
aunt jane's nieces by edith van dyne
bred in the bone by james payn
in the fourth year by h.g. wells
following the equator part 1 by mark twain
the journal of arthur stirling by upton sinclair
ester ried yet speaking by isabella alden
the triumphs of eug? valmont by robert barr
tales of the punjab by flora annie steel
hesperus by charles sangster
rules and regulations of the insane asylum of california
rose and roof-tree by george parsons lathrop
stolen treasure by howard pyle
sylvia's lovers complete by elizabeth gaskell
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
camps quarters and casual places by archibald forbes
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. 22 by various
the created legend by feodor sologub
impressions of theophrastus such by george eliot
buchanan's journal of man september 1887 vol. 1 no. 8 by various
american historical and literary antiquities part 14
the atlantic monthly vol. 10 no. 61 november 1862 by various
dick prescott's first year at west point by h. irving hancock
the american missionary volume 43 no. 11 november 1889 by various
the flood by anonymous
probable sons by amy lefeuvre
the iliad of homer by homer
old spookses' pass by isabella valancy crawford
aunt amy by francis forrester
emilie the peacemaker by mrs. thomas geldart
songs of the road by arthur conan doyle
clarissa volume 3 of 9 by samuel richardson
the red rover by james fenimore cooper
an essay on war in blank verse by nathaniel bloomfield
the world decision by robert herrick
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 4 april 1810
pecheur d'islande by pierre loti
famous affinities of history vol. 1 by lyndon orr
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 17 no. 489
love and life by charlotte m. yonge
my father as i recall him by mamie dickens
boris godunov by alexander pushkin
the crisis volume 6 by winston churchill
four weeks in the trenches by fritz kreisler
the right of way vol. 6 by gilbert parker
the gilded age part 5 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
the treasure of the incas by g. a. henty
the golden lion of granpere by anthony trollope
marcus: the young centurion by george manville fenn
voyage towards the south pole and round the world volume 2 james cook
the long labrador trail by dillon wallace
castle richmond by anthony trollope
the stoker's catechism by w. j. connor
quotes and images from the works of michel de montaigne
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 31
dotty dimple at home by sophie may
buchanan's journal of man april 1887 by various
punch vol. 146 june 17 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
master sunshine by mrs. c. f. fraser
life on the mississippi part 4 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the adventures of a boy reporter by harry steele morrison
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
the second series plays complete by john galsworthy
sketches and studies by nathaniel hawthorne
the maid of orleans by frederich schiller
the poetaster by ben jonson
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
bradford's history of 'plimoth plantation' by william bradford
american institutions and their influence by alexis de tocqueville
life of cicero vol. 1 by anthony trollope
notes and queries no. 209 october 29 1853 by various
rhoda fleming vol. 1 by george meredith
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 3 by marietta holley
the young castellan by george manville fenn
classic myths by mary catherine judd
the blunderer by molire
the girl's cabinet of instructive and moral stories by uncle philip
herland by charlotte perkins stetson gilman
l. p. m. by j. stewart barney
athens: its rise and fall complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the jucklins by opie read
christmas entertainments by alice maude kellogg
letters to sir william windham and mr. pope by lord bolingbroke
services in the liberation of chili peru and brazil by thomas cochrane
god's answers by clara m. s. lowe
elsket by thomas nelson page
the female gamester by gorges edmond howard
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 1 by mark twain
suppressed poems by frederich schiller
mrs. hungerford by helen c. black
a domestic problem by abby morton diaz
lancashire idylls (1898) by marshall mather
amy harrison by amy harrison
hurrah for new england! by louisa c. tuthill
lady hester or ursula's narrative by charlotte m. yonge
mamma's stories about birds by anonymous
klondyke nuggets by joseph ladue
margery complete by georg ebers
crescent and iron cross by e. f. benson
the westcotes by arthur thomas quiller-couch
punchinello vol. 2 no. 32 november 5 1870 by various
the blue germ by martin swayne
jan of the windmill by juliana horatia ewing
chambers's edinburgh journal no. 458 by various
punch vol. 153 dec 12 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14 no. 391
rollo in naples by jacob abbott
the amateur gentleman by jeffery farnol
ranald bannerman's boyhood by george macdonald
from slave to college president by godfrey holden pike
blue lights by r.m. ballantyne
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of ripon by hallett
to whom this may come by edward bellamy
the prince of india volume 1 by lew wallace
the hallam succession by amelia edith barr
captains all book 5: over the side by w. w. jacobs
american historical and literary antiquities part 8
a letter from major robert carmichael-smyth by robert carmichael-smyth
flourishing of romance and the rise of allegory by george saintsbury
married life; its shadows and sunshine by t. s. arthur
lectures and essays by t. h. huxley
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 3 july 1851 by various
brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 1 no. 12 dec 1895
mohun or the last days of lee john esten cooke
a world of girls by l. t. meade
mike by p. g. wodehouse
the boy artist by f. m. s.
graustark by george barr mccutcheon
weighed and wanting by george macdonald
the caesars by thomas de quincey
all for a scrap of paper by joseph hocking
abijah's bubble by f. hopkinson smith
a source book for ancient church history by joseph cullen ayer
biographia literaria by samuel taylor coleridge
a word only a word complete by georg ebers
the imperialist by sara jeannette duncan
from jungle to java by arthur keyser
with the guards' brigade from bloemfontein to koomati poort and back
odd man out by w.w. jacobs
the voyage of the first hessian army from portsmouth to
william tell told again by p. g. wodehouse and john w. houghton
beowulf by unknown
the hand but not the heart by t. s. arthur
anti-slavery examiner part 3 of 4 by american anti-slavery society
tales of daring and danger by george alfred henty
theobald the iron-hearted by anonymous
woodward's graperies and horticultural buildings
the great conspiracy part 5 by john alexander logan
tales and novels vol. 8 by maria edgeworth
the prose works of william wordsworth by william wordsworth
how the fairy violet lost and won her wings by marianne l. b. ker
captain canot by brantz mayer and theodore canot
elements of agricultural chemistry by thomas anderson
lord dolphin by harriet a. cheever
the far horizon by lucas malet
the new testament of our lord and savior jesus christ by various
beacon lights of history volume 12 by john lord
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 20 no. 566
punchinello vol. 1 no. 25 september 17 1870 by various
biographical memorials of james oglethorpe by thaddeus mason harris
autobiography by john stuart mill
opening a chestnut burr by e. p. roe
scientific american supplement no. 433 april 19 1884 by various
parnassus on wheels by christopher morley
fairy gold by w. w. jacobs
light o' the morning by l. t. meade
the innocents abroad part 5 of 6 by mark twain
the bent twig by dorothy canfield
the antiquary vol. 1 by sir walter scott
there's pippins and cheese to come by charles s. brooks
the pearl story book by mrs. colman
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
explorations in australia by john forrest
the cliff climbers by captain mayne reid
the underdog by f. hopkinson smith
the bath tatting book by p. p.
the atlantic monthly vol. 8 no. 46 august 1861 by various
the international monthly volume 2 no. 4 march 1851 by various
a history of freedom of thought by john bagnell bury
frank merriwell's nobility by burt l. standish
the gilded age part 3 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
tales & novels vol. ix by maria edgeworth
the life and death of john of barneveld advocate of holland
god's good man by marie corelli
the ghost pirates by william hope hodgson
the mahabharata of krishna-dwaipayana vyasa part 2
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 7 by mark twain
a march on london by g. a. henty
atlantic monthly vol. 5 no. 30 april 1860 by various
ship's company complete by w. w. jacobs
big timber by bertrand w. sinclair
the hunt ball mystery by william magnay
narrative of a voyage to india; of a shipwreck on
the vision of hell part 2 by dante alighieri
slavery: what it was; has done by cydnor bailey tompkins
fire worship (from mosses from an old manse) by nathaniel hawthorne
fanny's first play by george bernard shaw
the last of the foresters by john esten cooke
the meaning of truth by william james
dutch life in town and country by p. m. hough
literary love-letters and other stories by robert herrick
when london burned by g. a. henty
taquisara by f. marion crawford
the inside of the cup volume 4 by winston churchill
the bushman by edward wilson landor
phaethon by charles kingsley
the war terror by arthur b. reeve
studies in the life of the christian by henry t. sell
the spenders by harry leon wilson
the conquest of america by cleveland moffett
autobiography of friedrich froebel by friedrich froebel
expositions of holy scripture by alexander maclaren
experiments and considerations touching colours (1664) by robert boyle
my friend the murderer by a. conan doyle
dave darrin's third year at annapolis by h. irving hancock
through space to mars by roy rockwood
run to earth by m. e. braddon
the faery tales of weir by anna mcclure sholl
last twelve verses of the gospel according to s. mark by john burgon
the philosophy of style by herbert spencer
sentence deferred by w.w. jacobs
memories of jane cunningham croly jenny june by various
an account of the conquest of peru by pedro sancho
short cruises by w. w. jacobs
reed anthony cowman by andy adams
that lass o' lowrie's by frances hodgson burnett
afloat and ashore by james fenimore cooper
one of our conquerors complete by george meredith
the forest of dean by h. g. nicholls
sport and work on the nepaul frontier by james inglis
the crack of doom by robert cromie
the theology of holiness by dougan clark
the edda vol. 2 by winifred faraday
count the cost by jonathan steadfast
love-letters between a nobleman and his sister by aphra behn
stories & legends of travel and history for children
the afghan wars 1839-42 and 1878-80 by archibald forbes
little folks astray by sophia may
the piazza tales by herman melville
the edinburgh lectures on mental science by thomas troward
annals of a quiet neighbourhood by george macdonald
the celebrity complete by winston churchill
the shaving of shagpat vol. 4 by george meredith
the giraffe hunters by mayne reid
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 3
memoirs correspondence and manuscripts of general lafayette
the continental monthly vol 3 no 3 march 1863 by various
the inside of the cup volume 5 by winston churchill
field and hedgerow by richard jefferies
punchinello vol. 2 no. 36 december 3 1870 by various
the story of the pony express by glenn d. bradley
the forty-niners: a chronicle of the california trail and el dorado
the works of aphra behn vol. 3
evan harrington complete by george meredith
excelsior by bret harte
tommy by joseph hocking
a garland for girls by louisa may alcott
the great riots of new york 1712 to 1873 by j. t. headley
in the arena by booth tarkington
the veiled lady by f. hopkinson smith
calderon the courtier a tale by edward bulwer-lytton
notes of an overland journey through france and egypt to bombay roberts
minnie's pet dog by madeline leslie
lady audley's secret by mary elizabeth braddon
critical miscellanies (vol. 2 of 3) by john morley
the silver lining by john roussel
concise dictionary of middle english by a. l. mayhew
the fortunate foundlings by eliza fowler haywood
shepp's photographs of the world by james w. shepp and daniel b. shepp
punchinello vol. 1 no. 24 september 10 1870 by various
in madeira place by heman white chaplin
volume 4 of the works of john greenleaf whittier complete
india and the indians by edward f. elwin
dotty dimple at play by sophie may
notes and queries number 206 october 8 1853 by various
the maid-at-arms by robert w. chambers
five little peppers midway by margaret sidney
the gray goose's story by amy prentice
punch vol. 93 september 24 1887 ed. by sir francis burnand
the prince and the pauper part 6 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
unwritten literature of hawaii by nathaniel bright emerson
afar in the forest by w.h.g. kingston
variation of animals & plants under domestication vi by charles darwin
rhymes of a roughneck by pat o'cotter
the praise of a godly woman by hannibal gamon
vane of the timberlands by harold bindloss
the call of the twentieth century by david starr jordan
the gold of fairnilee by andrew lang
the last leaf by james kendall hosmer
the return of the soul by robert s. hichens
happiness and marriage by elizabeth jones towne
the daughter of the chieftain by edward s. ellis
the shagganappi by e. pauline johnson
the life of the fields by richard jefferies
the tragedy of dido queene of carthage by marlowe and nash
child's story garden compiled by elizabeth heber
the grateful indian by w.h.g. kingston
a dialogue between dean swift and tho. prior esq. by anonymous
punchinello vol. 1 no. 15 july 9 1870 by various
in the forest by catherine parr traill
the strong arm by robert barr
the world for sale complete by gilbert parker
punchinello vol. 1 no. 8 may 21 1870 by various
in the midst of alarms by robert barr
notes and queries number 79 may 3 1851 by various
the world war and what was behind it by louis p. benezet
john m. synge: a few personal recollections with biographical notes
scientific american supplement no. 484 april 11 1885 by various
my sword's my fortune by herbert hayens
indian poetry by edwin arnold
the story of the two bulls by john r. bolles
wolfert's roost and miscellanies by washington irving
po-no-kah by mary mapes dodge
lives of galileo tycho brahe and kepler by david brewster
michael's crag by grant allen
the adventures of ferdinand count fathom complete by tobias smollett
patty's suitors by carolyn wells
richard carvel volume 3 by winston churchill
the amazing marriage complete by george meredith
normandy part 2 by gordon home
fruits of queensland by albert benson
the storm by aleksandr nicolaevich ostrovsky
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 2 part 4
american sketches by charles whibley
the life of gordon volume ii by demetrius charles boulger
behind the scenes by elizabeth keckley
the red thumb mark by r. austin freeman
the shaving of shagpat complete by george meredith
the good resolution by anonymous
a fleece of gold by charles stewart given
scientific american supplement no. 360 november 25 1882 by various
old mary by louis becke
a red wallflower by susan warner
the young voyageurs by mayne reid
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 27
friends and neighbors by t. s. arthur
robert hardy's seven days by charles monroe sheldon
by right of conquest by g. a. henty
deserted by w.w. jacobs
the lion of the north by g. a. henty
young glory and the spanish cruiser by walter fenton mott
pharaoh's broker by ellsworth douglass
round games with cards by w. h. peel
adventures in contentment by david grayson
el kab by j.e. quibell
the folk-lore of plants by t. f. thiselton-dyer
boys and girls from thackeray by kate dickinson sweetser
cinderella by henry w. hewet
the making of a novelist by david christie murray
the gold of the gods by arthur b. reeve
chelsea by geraldine edith mitton
an essay concerning humane understanding volume 1 by john locke
the skating party and other stories by unknown
a night out by edward peple
punchinello vol. 1 no. 11 june 11 1870 by various
a master of craft by w. w. jacobs
tessa by louis becke
phelim o'toole's courtship and other stories by william carleton
daybreak: a romance of an old world by james cowan
ethan frome by edith wharton
fiesco or the genoese conspiracy by frederich schiller
history of company e of the sixth minnesota regiment of volunteer
footprints on the sea-shore (from twice told tales)
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 8
scientific american supplement no. 647 may 26 1888 by various
sabbath in puritan new england by alice morse earle
andy at yale by roy eliot stokes
the atlantic monthly vol. 1 no. 4 february 1858 by various
the works of samuel johnson volume 11 by samuel johnson
following the equator part 6 by mark twain
franco-gallia by francis hotoman
dawn by mrs. harriet a. adams
wee ones' bible stories by anonymous
the drama of three hundred & sixty-five days by hall caine
moral by ludwig thoma
the little nugget by p. g. wodehouse
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 5 by mark twain
a sketch of the causes operations and results of the san francisco
quentin durward by sir walter scott
the learned women by molire
outlines of lessons in botany part 1 from seed to leaf
personal memoirs of a residence of thirty years with the indian
montaigne and shakspere by john m. robertson
uncle tom's cabin young folks' edition by harriet beecher stowe
scottish cathedrals and abbeys by dugald butler and herbert story
my robin by frances hodgson burnett
east of paris by matilda betham-edwards
all saints' day and other sermons by charles kingsley
the forest exiles by mayne reid
david by charles kingsley
the gospels in the second century by william sanday
picture and text by henry james
the crushed flower and other stories by leonid andreyev
the great conspiracy part 6 by john alexander logan
a modern tomboy by l. t. meade
scientific american supplement no. 303 october 22 1881 by various
the morals of marcus ordeyne by william j. locke
the metaphysical elements of ethics by immanuel kant
australia the dairy country by australia department
martha by-the-day by julie m. lippmann
christmas roses by lizzie lawson and robert ellice mack
the bradys beyond their depth by anonymous
memoirs of extraordinary popular delusions and
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 54 no. 338 december 1843
odd craft part 4: bill's lapse by w.w. jacobs
the story of the invention of steel pens by henry bore
a theory of creation by francis bowen
adventures of huckleberry finn part 6 by mark twain
the vagabond and other poems from punch by r. c. lehmann
the parables of the saviour by anonymous
chronicles (2 of 6): england scotland & ireland (3 of 12) holinshed
the ocean and its wonders by r.m. ballantyne
the abbot's ghost or maurice treherne's temptation by a. m. barnard
five thousand dollars reward by frank pinkerton
lothair by benjamin disraeli
richard carvel volume 4 by winston churchill
amusement: a force in christian training by marvin richardson vincent
famous affinities of history vol. 4 by lyndon orr
a golden book of venice by mrs. lawrence turnbull
val d'arno by john ruskin
cast adrift by t. s. arthur
hide and seek by wilkie collins
vittoria vol. 8 by george meredith
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 2 by george meredith
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 2 december 1875 by various
sea-dogs all! by tom bevan
in the pecos country by lieutenant r. h. jayne
my new home by mary louisa molesworth
the kitchen cat and other stories by amy walton
the natural history of chocolate by d. de quelus
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14 no. 396
the guns of shiloh by joseph a. altsheler
stories from livy by alfred church
miss prudence by jennie maria (drinkwater) conklin
mysticism and its results by john delafield
twilight in italy by d. h. lawrence
punch vol. 146 june 24 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the dog crusoe and his master by robert michael ballantyne
scientific american supplement no. 385 may 19 1883 by various
a practical enquiry into the philosophy of education by james gall
american prisoners of the revolution by danske dandridge
balthasar by anatole france
handbook of embroidery by l. higgin
buchanan's journal of man march 1887 by various
peat and its uses as fertilizer and fuel by samuel william johnson
chip of the flying u by b. m. bower
a modern instance by william dean howells
who are happiest? and other stories by t. s. arthur
the silly jelly-fish by b. h. chamberlain
psyche by molire
essays in war-time by havelock ellis
yeast: a problem by charles kingsley
the fairy godmothers and other tales by mrs. alfred gatty
blue jackets by george manville fenn
stories from english history by hilda t. skae
the boy scout camera club by g. harvey ralphson
lost in the backwoods by catherine parr traill
the maternal management of children in health and disease
borneo and the indian archipelago by frank s. marryat
pussy and doggy tales by edith nesbit
a princess in calico by edith ferguson black
amona; the child; and the beast; and others by louis becke
a fool and his money by g. b. mccutcheon
understood betsy by dorothy canfield
the great events by famous historians vol. 2 by various
quotes and images from the diary of samuel pepys
jack archer by g. a. henty
charter and supplemental charter of the hudson's bay company
fairy book by sophie may
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12 no. 343
sketches new and old part 7 by mark twain
the antiquary vol. 2 by sir walter scott
kokoro by lafcadio hearn
the case of jennie brice by mary roberts rinehart
suburban sketches by william dean howells
venetian life by william dean howells
cameos from english history from rollo to edward ii
the adventures of ferdinand count fathom part 2 by tobias smollett
dawn by h. rider haggard
life in morocco and glimpses beyond by budgett meakin
the deluge by david graham phillips
how sammy went to coral-land emily paret atwater
a prefect's uncle by p. g. wodehouse
alice or the mysteries complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the adventures of poor mrs. quack by thornton w. burgess
sermons to the natural man by william g.t. shedd
notes and queries number 204 september 24 1853 by various
a christmas faggot by alfred gurney
the purple cloud by m. p. shiel
of captain mission by daniel defoe
a bell's biography by nathaniel hawthorne
a crystal age by w. h. hudson
maggie miller by mary j. holmes
the sketches of seymour part 2 by robert seymour
the anti-slavery examiner omnibus by american anti-slavery society
atlantic monthly volume 10 number 59 september 1862 by various
words for the wise by t. s. arthur
the non-christian cross by john denham parsons
punchinello vol. 1 no. 26 september 24 1870 by various
notes and queries number 56 november 23 1850 by various
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
the adventures of tom sawyer part 5 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 61 no. 380
india's love lyrics by laurence hope
slavery ordained of god by rev. fred. a. ross d.d
the faust-legend and goethe's 'faust' by h. b. cotterill
autobiographical sketches by annie besant
the rival heirs by a. d. crake
the united states in the light of prophecy by uriah smith
zone policeman 88 by harry a. franck
the jew and other stories by ivan turgenev
the young maiden by a. b. (artemas bowers) muzzey
the thirteen by honore de balzac
leila complete by edward bulwer-lytton
hawthorne and his circle by julian hawthorne
peck's uncle ike and the red headed boy by george w. peck
evan harrington vol. 4 by george meredith
you never know your luck complete by gilbert parker
scientific american supplement no. 401 september 8 1883 by various
diana of the crossways vol. 2 by george meredith
the bride of the nile complete by georg ebers
a practical physiology by albert f. blaisdell
ayesha by h. rider haggard
the twilight of the gods and other tales by richard garnett
the custom of the country by edith wharton
a portraiture of quakerism volume i (of 3) by thomas clarkson
rhoda fleming vol. 3 by george meredith
three cities trilogy complete by mile zola
american historical and literary antiquities part 5
the lives of the poets of great britain and ireland (1753)
heather and snow by george macdonald
the cavalier by george washington cable
the amazing marriage vol. 2 by george meredith
pulpit and press by mary baker eddy
there and back by george macdonald
rise of the dutch republic complete 1555-84 by john lothrop motley
expressive voice culture by jessie eldridge southwick
canadian notabilities volume 1 by john charles dent
in camp on the big sunflower by lawrence j. leslie
round anvil rock by nancy huston banks
the mystery of a turkish bath by e.m. gollan (a.k.a. rita)
general history and collection of voyages and travels vol. 2
dame care by hermann sudermann
the brighton boys with the submarine fleet by james r. driscoll
sailing alone around the world by joshua slocum
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 2
an american robinson crusoe by samuel b. allison
ballads of mystery and miracle and fyttes of mirth by frank sidgwick
songs of labor and other poems by morris rosenfeld
birth-time of the world and other scientific essays by j. (john) joly
awful disclosures by maria monk
anecdotes of dogs by edward jesse
homer and his age by andrew lang
the spanish chest by edna a. brown
the life of marie antoinette queen of france by charles duke yonge
travels in peru on the coast in the sierra across the
the romance of zion chapel 3rd. ed. by richard le gallienne
punchinello vol. 1 no. 22 august 27 1870 by various
the grey fairy book by various
uncanny tales ed. by c. arthur pearson
sandra belloni vol. 2 by george meredith
the doctor's daughter by vera
owindia by charlotte selina bompas
building a state in apache land by charles d. poston
the miraculous pitcher by nathaniel hawthorne
a pioneer railway of the west by maude ward lafferty
in the riding-school; chats with esmeralda by theo. stephenson browne
a floral fantasy in an old english garden by walter crane
famous tales of fact and fancy by various
the revolt of the netherlands complete by frederich schiller
dutch fairy tales for young folks by william elliot griffis
senator north by gertrude atherton
time's portraiture by nathaniel hawthorne
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
the highwayman by h. c. bailey
macmillan & co.'s general catalogue of works dec 1869 by unknown
queen summer by walter crane
the kama sutra of vatsyayana by vatsyayana
the sugar-plumb by margery two-shoes
tales of ind by t. ramakrishna
the songs of a sentimental bloke by c. j. dennis
east and west: poems by bret harte
cad metti the female detective strategist by harlan page halsey
toll gatherer's day (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
towards the goal by mrs. humphry ward
the prairie by j. fenimore cooper
great possessions by david grayson
transactions of the asce paper no. 1174 by j.c. meem
syllabus of kentucky folk-songs by hubert g. shearin
the desert and the sown by mary hallock foote
greifenstein by f. marion crawford
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 12
philothea by lydia maria child
the little house in the fairy wood by ethel cook eliot
tales of wonder by baron edward john moreton drax plunkett dunsany
elsie's womanhood by martha finley
the vizier of the two-horned alexander by frank r. stockton
the sketches of seymour part 5 by robert seymour
cobwebs from an empty skull by ambrose bierce (a.k.a.: dod grile)
facts for the kind-hearted of england! by jasper w. rogers
the brass bowl by louis joseph vance
harry's ladder to learning by anonymous
buchanan's journal of man may 1887 by various
salthaven by w. w. jacobs
punch july 4 1917 vol. 153 issue no. 1 by various
what's mine's mine vol. 2 of 3 by george macdonald
the boy tar by mayne reid
the collectors by frank jewett mather jr.
following the equator part 4 by mark twain
their silver wedding journey by william dean howells
where deep seas moan by e. gallienne-robin
old mortality vol. 2 by sir walter scott
life on the mississippi part 3 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
three hats by alfred debrun
tom cringle's log by michael scott
prue and i by george william curtis
lord kitchener by g. k. chesterton
the russian revolution; the jugo-slav movement by
the end of a coil by susan warner
guy mannering vol. i by sir walter scott
the continental monthly vol. 3 no 2 february 1863 by various
sejanus: his fall by ben jonson
the symbolism of freemasonry by albert g. mackey
samuel the seeker by upton sinclair
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 5 may 1810
won by the sword by g.a. henty
the little colonel by annie fellows johnston
the heart of the hills by john fox
bearn and the pyrenees by louisa stuart costello
eve's diary part 2 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
mother earth vol. 1 no. 4 june 1906 by various
glimpses of an unfamiliar japan by lafcadio hearn
voyages and travels vol. 13 by robert kerr
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
bonnie prince charlie by g. a. henty
the celt and saxon vol. 2 by george meredith
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 384 october 1846 vol. 62
sandra belloni vol. 6 by george meredith
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 4 by george meredith
hippolytus and the bacchae by euripides
the fourth watch by h. a. cody
the children's book of christmas stories by various
dave ranney by dave ranney
a forgotten hero by emily sarah holt
the king's warrant by alfred h. engelbach
woodstock; or the cavalier by sir walter scott
the angel of lonesome hill by frederick landis
the gold that glitters by emily sarah holt
little lucy's wonderful globe by charlotte m. yonge
p.'s correspondence (from mosses from an old manse)
the moving picture boys at panama by victor appleton
original sonnets on various subjects; and odes paraphrased
the little french lawyer by francis beaumont and john fletcher
the english at the north pole by jules verne
the coral island by r. m. ballantyne
scarabs by isaac myer
the outdoor girls of deepdale by laura lee hope
specimens with memoirs of the less-known british poets
the trader's wife by louis becke
the mischief maker by e. phillips oppenheim
mary marston by george macdonald
fruitfulness by emile zola
the south sea whaler by w.h.g. kingston
thoughts on the necessity of improving the condition of
hyacinth by george a. birmingham
mound-builders by william j. smyth
the bequest by w. w. jacobs
the atlantic monthly vol. i. no. 3 january 1858 by various
satanstoe by james fenimore cooper
outline of the development of the internal commerce
the tragic comedians vol. 3 by george meredith
the tragedie of hamlet prince of denmark by george macdonald
the essays of arthur schopenhauer: the art of controversy
two little travellers by frances browne arthur
the beautiful lady by booth tarkington
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
the orations of marcus tullius cicero vol. 4 by cicero
biographical stories by nathaniel hawthorne
with lee in virginia by g. a. henty
the slave trade domestic and foreign by henry charles carey
the book of wonder by edward j. m. d. plunkett lord dunsany
green fancy by george barr mccutcheon
the rover boys on the great lakes by arthur m. winfield
the story of julia page by kathleen norris
spring days by george moore
the forest king by hervey keyes
story hour readers book three by ida coe and alice christie dillon
earth's holocaust (from mosses from an old manse)
the girl aviators' motor butterfly by margaret burnham
lord ormont and his aminta vol. 5 by george meredith
little wizard stories of oz by l. frank baum
the last trail by zane grey
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 19 no. 535
rosin the beau by laura elizabeth howe richards
the altar fire by arthur christopher benson
unknown to history by charlotte m. yonge
the vision of hell part 5 by dante alighieri
the bobbsey twins at meadow brook by laura lee hope
the art of money getting by p. t. barnum
lizzy glenn by t. s. arthur
the children's own longfellow by henry wadsworth longfellow
there are crimes and crimes by august strindberg
american historical and literary antiquities part 9
a booke called the foundacion of rhetorike by richard rainolde
aikenside by mary j. holmes
chambers's edinburgh journal no. 441 by various
famous affinities of history vol. 3 by lyndon orr
paul and virginia by bernadin de saint-pierre
the ear in the wall by arthur b. reeve
adventures of huckleberry finn part 8 by mark twain
the pit by frank norris
from the easy chair vol. 1 by george william curtis
quaint gleanings from ancient poetry by edmund goldsmid
sandra belloni vol. 5 by george meredith
two months in the camp of big bear by theresa gowanlock
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
the inn at the red oak by latta griswold
punch vol. 153 oct. 24 1917 by various
expositions of holy scripture by alexander maclaren
waverley by sir walter scott
the essays of arthur schopenhauer by arthur schopenhauer
from the caves and jungles of hindostan by helena pretrovna blavatsky
diamond dyke by george manville fenn
snake and sword by percival christopher wren
the noble lord by percival wilde
the theory of social revolutions by brooks adams
helping himself by horatio alger
adventures in friendship by david grayson
the wild man of the west by r.m. ballantyne
the strand magazine vol. 7 no. 37 jan 1894 by various
the whistling mother by grace s. richmond
toaster's handbook compiled by peggy edmund & harold w. williams
no. 13 washington square by leroy scott
henry dunbar by m. e. braddon
jack of both sides by florence coombe
fairies and fusiliers by robert graves
punch vol. 153 oct. 3 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
a visit to the monastery of la trappe in 1817 by w. d. fellowes
beauchamp's career vol. 4 by george meredith
by-ways of bombay by s. m. edwardes c.v.o
victor roy a masonic poem by harriet annie wilkins
the maids tragedy by francis beaumont and john fletcher
three young knights by annie hamilton donnell
the looking-glass for the mind by m. berquin
harry heathcote of gangoil by anthony trollope
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
the half-back by ralph henry barbour
the girl aviators' sky cruise by margaret burnham
artemis to actaeon and other worlds by edith wharton
vittoria vol. 5 by george meredith
the magnetic north by elizabeth robins
the rise and fall of the confederate government vol. 1 (of 2)
the stock-feeder's manual by charles alexander cameron
scientific american supplement no. 787 january 31 1891 by various
little scenes for little folks by anonymous
miles wallingford: sequel to afloat and ashore by james fenimore cooper
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
pictures every child should know by dolores bacon
yorkshire painted and described by gordon home
the dore gallery of bible illustrations complete by gustave dore
roger willoughby by william h. g. kingston
kent knowles: quahaug by joseph c. lincoln
begumbagh by george manville fenn
mother carey's chickens by kate douglas wiggin
count alarcos by benjamin disraeli
notes and queries number 77 april 19 1851 by various
the old english baron by clara reeve
tillie: a mennonite maid by helen reimensnyder martin
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 2
life in london by edwin hodder
life and times of washington volume 2 by john frederick schroeder
punchinello vol. 2 no. 30 october 22 1870 by various
the coming of cuculain by standish o'grady
tartarin on the alps by alphonse daudet
a countess from canada by bessie marchant
going some by ellingwood beach
diana of the crossways vol. 4 by george meredith
ohio arbor day 1913: arbor and bird day manual by various
the american missionary vol. 49 no. 2 february 1895 by various
legends of the northwest by hanford lennox gordon
the doctor's dilemma by hesba stretton
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 18
ritchie's fabulae faciles by various
fables for the frivolous by guy whitmore carryl
our hundred days in europe by oliver wendell holmes
what dress makes of us by dorothy quigley
eleanor by mrs. humphry ward
young robin hood by g. manville fenn
jim cummings by frank pinkerton
bed time stories: buddy and brighteyes pigg by howard r. garis
patty in paris by carolyn wells
the lost naval papers by bennet copplestone
strong as death by guy de maupassant
the fighting chance by robert w. chambers
indian summer by william d. howells
modern india by william eleroy curtis
the story of kennett by bayard taylor
sappho: one hundred lyrics by bliss carman
punch vol. 153 aug. 22 1917 by various
rule a wife and have a wife by francis beaumont and john fletcher
life on the mississippi part 12 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
wife in name only by charlotte m. braeme (bertha m. clay)
buchanan's journal of man august 1887 vol. 1 no. 7 by various
the quadrupeds' pic-nic by f. b. c
the jealousy of le barbouille by jean baptiste poquelin de moli?
the prince and the pauper part 8 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the keepers of the king's peace by edgar wallace
the prince of india volume 2 by lew wallace
quotes and images from the confessions of harry lorrequer
the lovels of arden by m. e. braddon
a short system of english grammar by henry bate
a journal of a visit of three days to skibbereen and its
the red true story book ed. by andrew lang
poems by sir john carr
in the wars of the roses by evelyn everett-green
the real diary of a real boy by henry a. shute
the willoughby captains by talbot baines reed
chronicles of canada vol. 4 of 32 the jesuit missions:
bell's cathedrals: southwark cathedral by george worley
pearl and periwinkle by anna graetz
holy in christ by andrew murray
a house of gentlefolk by ivan turgenev
boy scouts in an airship by g. harvey ralphson
expositions of holy scripture by alexander maclaren
odd craft by w. w. jacobs
the western world by w.h.g. kingston
the innocents abroad part 4 of 6 by mark twain
northumberland yesterday and to-day by jean f. terry
notes and queries(series 1 vol. 2 issue 1) by various
poems by marietta holley
the damned by algernon blackwood
kazan by james oliver curwood
little folks (septemeber 1884) by various
the ancient east by d. g. hogarh
five little peppers abroad by margaret sidney
pictorial composition and the critical judgement of pictures
the sea fogs by robert louis stevenson
mystery of murray davenport by robert neilson stephens
heart of the sunset by rex beach
cowboy dave by frank v. webster
bound to rise by horatio alger
richard carvel volume 2 by winston churchill
stories by foreign authors: russian by various
in the rocky mountains by w. h. g. kingston
my four years in germany by james w. gerard
the tempting of tavernake by e. phillips oppenheim
the outdoor girls in army service by laura lee hope
loyalists of america and their times vol. 2 of 2 by edgerton ryerson
the armourer's prentices by charlotte m. yonge
doctor pascal by emile zola
the science of fairy tales by edwin sidney hartland
proceedings 5th annual meeting by norther nut growers association
on the pacific slope by charles m. skinner
horace by william tuckwell
allison bain by margaret murray robertson
following the equator part 5 by mark twain
andrew golding by annie e. keeling
langstroth on the hive and the honey-bee by l. l. langstroth
at pinney's ranch by edward bellamy
lives of poets: addison etc. by samuel johnson
facing the world by horatio alger jr.
the potato child & others by mrs. charles j. woodbury
mobilizing woman-power by harriot stanton blatch
world's greatest books volume 14 philosophy and economics by various
revenge! by robert barr
wilhelm tell by frederich schiller
andrew melville by william morison
buchanan's journal of man december 1887 by various
lippincott's magazine vol. xii. no. 31. october 1873 by various
quotes and images from memoirs of marie antoinette by madam campan
the border legion by zane grey
frank merriwell at yale by burt l. standish
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
vittoria vol. 2 by george meredith
scientific american vol.22 no. 1 january 1 1870 by various
past and present by thomas carlyle
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
the english mail-coach and joan of arc by thomas de quincey
third class in indian railways by mahatma gandhi
philip steele of the royal northwest mounted police
five sermons by h. b. whipple
notes and queries number 227 march 4 1854 ed. by george bell
sandra belloni vol. 1 by george meredith
stories of inventors by russell doubleday
the naval history of the united states vol. 2 of 2
punch vol. 99 nov. 1 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 5 by george meredith
the production of vinegar from honey by gerard w bancks
punch vol. 100 march 21 1891 ed. by sir francis burnand
first footsteps in east africa by richard f. burton
a thane of wessex by charles w. whistler
a pluralistic universe by william james
a child's garden of verses by robert louis stevenson
the bacillus of beauty by harriet stark
hero tales and legends of the rhine by lewis spence
the seven who were hanged by leonid andreyev
bertie and the gardeners by madeline leslie
constitutional history of england from 1760 to 1860
devereux complete by edward bulwer-lytton
granny's wonderful chair by frances browne
buchanan's journal of man january 1888 by various
aesthetic as science of expression and general linguistic
among the farmyard people by clara dillingham pierson
the ghost by william d. o'connor
the romance of mathematics by p. hampson
the faithful promiser by john ross macduff
the crystal hunters by george manville fenn
the net by rex beach
the open air by richard jefferies
365 foreign dishes by unknown author
independent bohemia by vladimir nosek
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 56 no. 348 october 1844
the light of asia by edwin arnold
the life of michelangelo buonarotti by john addington symonds
peck's sunshine by george w. peck
the vision of paradise part 1 by dante alighieri
the great conspiracy complete by john alexander logan
kilgorman a story of ireland in 1798 by talbot baines reed
the wits and beaux of society vol. 2 by grace & philip wharton
frenzied fiction by stephen leacock
king midas by upton sinclair
jack in the forecastle by john sherburne sleeper
the little regiment by stephen crane
the elect lady by george macdonald
the bark covered house by william nowlin
acadia by frederic s. cozzens
master tales of mystery volume 3 collected by francis j. reynolds
fugitive slave law and its victims by american anti-slavery society
petty troubles of married life second part by honore de balzac
the secret passage by fergus hume
american historical and literary antiquities part 10
the rise of iskander by benjamin disraeli
under the storm by charlotte m. yonge
ten girls from dickens by kate dickinson sweetser
the grizzly king by james oliver curwood
hilda lessways by arnold bennett
ridgeway by scian dubh
legends tales and poems by gustavo adolfo becquer
the evolution of english lexicography by james augustus henry murray
the trespasser by d. h. lawrence
the rajah of dah by george manville fenn
american historical and literary antiquities part 4
a knight of the white cross by g. a. henty
greek in a nutshell by james strong
elsie at nantucket by martha finley
lord ormont and his aminta vol. 3 by george meredith
the home mission by t. s. arthur
uneasy money by p. g. wodehouse
manuel pereira by francis colburn adams
the farmer's boy by robert bloomfield
memorial address on the life and character of abraham
chicot the jester by alexandre dumas (pere)
the winds of chance by rex beach
by england's aid by g. a. henty
beechcroft at rockstone by charlotte m. yonge
chase of saint-castin and other stories by mary hartwell catherwood
young engineers in arizonaby h. irving hancock
supplement to animal sanctuaries in labrador by william wood
bride of the mistletoe by james lane allen
the bars of iron by ethel may dell
the political history of england - vol. x by william hunt
hoodie by mary louisa stewart molesworth
natalie by ferna vale
evan harrington vol. 1 by george meredith
the vaudois of piedmont by john napper worsfold
the esperanto teacher by helen fryer
excursions by henry d. thoreau
a romance of two worlds by marie corelli
seeing europe with famous authors vol. 6 by various
fra bartolommeo and andrea d'agnolo by leader scott
the mill mystery by anna katharine green
master olof: a drama in five acts by august strindberg
sketches of our life at sarawak by harriette mcdougall
ashton-kirk investigator by john t. mcintyre
rock a bye library: a book of fables by unknown
the atlantic monthly vol. 6 no. 36 october 1860 by various
seaboard parish vol. 2 by george macdonald
what can she do? by e. p. roe
fern vale (volume 1) by colin munro
stories by foreign authors: german by various
discourses on the first decade of titus livius by niccolo machiavelli
cape cod stories by joseph c. lincoln
the blue man by mary hartwell catherwood
psmith in the city by p. g. wodehouse
the baby's bouquet by walter crane
mr. dooley's philosophy by finley peter dunne
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
winds of the world by talbot mundy
woodward's country homes by george e. woodward and f. w. woodward
the young firemen of lakeville by frank v. webster
the gentleman from indiana by booth tarkington
the war in south africa by arthur conan doyle
a gentleman from mississippi by thomas a. wise
robin redbreast by mary louisa molesworth
a texas ranger by william macleod raine
the last of the chiefs by joseph altsheler
life on the mississippi part 2 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the prince and the pauper part 4 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
rural tales ballads and songs by robert bloomfield
captains all book 7: four pigeons by w. w. jacobs
a middy of the king by harry collingwood
barbarians by robert w. chambers
from powder monkey to admiral by w.h.g. kingston
monsieur du muroir (from mosses from an old manse)
selections from the principles of philosophy by rene descartes
the principles of scientific management by frederick winslow taylor
in the claws of the german eagle by albert rhys williams
fruit-gathering by rabindranath tagore
the aran islands by john m. synge
paradoxes of catholicism by robert hugh benson
lectures in navigation by ernest gallaudet draper
the doctor's dilemma: preface on doctors by george bernard shaw
punch vol. 146 may 20 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
doctor therne by h. rider haggard
the mirror of taste and dramatic censor v1 no. 2 feb 1810
the atlantic monthly vol. 20 no. 117 july 1867 by various
the huguenots in france by samuel smiles
minnie's pet parrot by madeline leslie
the exploits of brigadier gerard by arthur conan doyle
the tragic comedians complete by george meredith
in the time that was by james frederic thorne
four great americans: washington franklin webster
the lady of the basement flat by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the crescent moon by rabindranath tagore
the stillwater tragedy by thomas bailey aldrich
bengal dacoits and tigers by maharanee sunity devee
victorian short stories: successful marriages by gaskell et al.
rhoda fleming vol. 4 by george meredith
the amazing marriage vol. 4 by george meredith
the story of the malakand field force by winston s. churchill
dialogues concerning natural religion by david hume
caesar's column by ignatius donnelly
the way to geometry by peter ramus
the glory of the trenches by coningsby dawson
investigation of modern spiritualism by the seybert commission
the habitant and other french-canadian poems by william henry drummond
the pawns count by e. phillips oppenheim
in the mahdi's grasp by george manville fenn
olaf the glorious by robert leighton
the madman by khalil gibran
ars recte vivende by george william curtis
vivian grey by the earl of beaconsfield benjamin disraeli
the old bush songs by a. b. paterson
chinese folk-lore tales by j. macgowan
the little hunchback zia by frances hodgson burnett
the three commanders by w.h.g. kingston
anecdotes of animals by unknown
the path to honour by sydney c. grier
the death of wallenstein by frederich schiller
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 3 of 3
voices for the speechless ed. by abraham firth
lord jim by joseph conrad
the boy aviators' polar dash by john henry goldfrap
the existence of god by francois de salignac de la mothe-fenelon
john corwell sailor and miner; and poisonous fish by louis becke
the crimson blind by fred m. white
blind love by wilkie collins
civil government in the united states considered with
a letter addressed to the abbe raynal by thomas paine
notes and queries number 78 april 26 1851 by various
across the equator by thomas h. reid
men in war by andreas latzko
station life in new zealand by lady barker
hawtrey's deputy by harold bindloss
the strange adventure of james shervinton by louis becke
hope and have by oliver optic
american historical and literary antiquities part 18
jackanapes daddy darwin's dovecot and other stories
the spirit of rome by vernon lee
our saviour anonymous
reform cookery book (4th edition) by mrs. mill
tom swift in captivity by victor appleton
is slavery sanctioned by the bible? by isaac allen
fables of john gay by john gay
toasts by william pittenger
american historical and literary antiquities part 19
love affairs of the courts of europe by thornton hall
the fortune hunter by louis joseph vance
coming to the king by frances ridley havergal
stories by foreign authors by various
to mars via the moon by mark wicks
all's for the best by t. s. arthur
madcap by george gibbs
villette by charlotte bront
texas by william h. wharton
a child-world by james whitcomb riley
the crayon papers by washington irving
diana of the crossways vol. 3 by george meredith
brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 1 no. 5 may 1895
the shades of the wilderness by joseph a. altsheler
the rover boys on the river by arthur winfield
punch vol. 1 august 21 1841 ed. by mark lemon
northern lights complete by gilbert parker
old scores and new readings by john f. runciman
handy andy volume 2 of 2 by samuel lover
fine feathers by w. w. jacobs
the resources of quinola by honore de balzac
pollyanna grows up by eleanor h. porter
an old woman's tale by nathaniel hawthorne
unitarianism by w. g. tarrant
hunting the lions by r.m. ballantyne
the seventh day sabbath a perpetual sign by joseph bates
michel and angele: a ladder of swords complete by gilbert parker
a set of rogues by frank barrett
the norsk nightingale by william f. kirk
monism as connecting religion and science by ernst haeckel
the heart of rome by francis marion crawford
parables of the cross by i. lilias trotter
kathay: a cruise in the china seas by w. hastings macaulay
betty's bright idea; deacon pitkin's farm; and the first christmas
tiverton tales by alice brown
young knights of the empire by sir robert baden-powell
the mystery by stewart edward white and samuel hopkins adams
the life and letters of elizabeth prentiss by george l. prentiss
ainslee's vol. 15 no. 6 july 1905 by various
the real mother goose illustrated by blanche fisher wright
the false chevalier by william douw lighthall
the buckle my shoe picture book by walter crane
a school history of the united states by john bach mcmaster
patty's butterfly days by carolyn wells
bayard: the good knight without fear and without reproach
the boy crusaders by john g. edgar
arabic authors by f. f. arbuthnot
at the point of the bayonet by g. a. henty
ragged dick by horatio alger
evan harrington vol. 5 by george meredith
that printer of udell's by harold bell wright
r. holmes & co. by john kendrick bangs
lippincott's magazine december 1878 by various
the fashionable adventures of joshua craig by david graham phillips
nature's serial story by e. p. roe
the boy aviators in africa by wilbur lawton
the awakening of helena richie by margaret deland
the ghost ship by richard middleton
town life in australia 1883 by r. e. n. (richard) twopeny
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 11
the mate of the lily by w. h. g. kingston
cecilia volume 3 of 3 by frances (fanny) burney
the camp of wallenstein by frederich schiller
t. haviland hicks senior by j. raymond elderdice
atheism among the people by alphonse de lamartine
mary louise by edith van dyne
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 july 29 1914 by various
in the wilds of florida by w.h.g. kingston
punch vol. 153 sept. 26 1917 by various
sylph etherege by nathaniel hawthorne
the storm-cloud of the nineteenth century by john ruskin
the illustrated alphabet of birds by unknown
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
the young step-mother by charlotte m. yonge
little eyolf by henrik ibsen
cuba old and new by albert gardner robinson
children's classics in dramatic form by augusta stevenson
dr. heidenhoff's process by edward bellamy
the hunted outlaw by anonymous
an explanation of luther's small catechism by joseph stump
the indiscretion of the duchess by anthony hope
punch vol. 146 march 18 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
off to the wilds by george manville fenn
with buller in natal by g. a. henty
opera stories from wagner by florence akin
woman's institute library of cookery vol. 1 by the
the vision of hell part 7 by dante alighieri
the great secret by e. phillips oppenheim
once aboard the lugger by arthur stuart-menteth hutchinson
the sword of antietam by joseph a. altsheler
tales of puritan land by charles m. skinner
the power of darkness by leo tolstoy
from jest to earnest by e. p. roe
dangers on the ice off the coast of labrador by anonymous
saxe holm's stories by helen hunt jackson
the great conspiracy part 7 by john alexander logan
the farmer boy and how he became commander-in-chief
my double life by sarah bernhardt
sant' ilario by f. marion crawford
debates & proceedings us constitution by lucius eugene chittenden
poems of paul verlaine by paul verlaine
on the uncertainty of the signs of murder in
punchinello vol. 1 no. 12 june 18 1870 by various
the roof of france by matilda betham-edwards
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 20
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 number 356
american historical and literary antiquities part 11
the young captives anonymous
hollowdell grange by george manville fenn
a woman tenderfoot by grace gallatin seton-thompson
the defence of stonington (connecticut) against a british
heart-histories and life-pictures by t. s. arthur
the reconciliation of races and religions by thomas kelly cheyne
feats on the fiord by harriet martineau
memoirs--lord de saumarez. vol. i by sir john ross
little tora the swedish schoolmistress by mrs. woods baker
new adam and eve (from mosses from an old manse)
the avenger by e. phillips oppenheim
punch vol. 98 january 11 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
the discovery of yellowstone park by nathaniel pitt langford
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 41
big and little sisters by theodora r. jenness
new york times current history; the european war vol 2 no. 5 august
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 1 by gustave dore
the lost word by henry van dyke
coleridge's literary remains volume 4 by samuel taylor coleridge
peter ibbetson by george du maurier
a modern chronicle volume 5 by winston churchill
the triple alliance by harold avery
zenobia by william ware
scientific american supplement no. 447 july 26 1884 by various
richard carvel volume 1 by winston churchill
a lover's diary complete by gilbert parker
waverley or 'tis sixty years hence complete by sir walter scott
kate danton or captain danton's daughters by may agnes fleming
the warriors by anna robertson brown lindsay
concerning animals and other matters by e. h. aitken
life in the grey nunnery at montreal by sarah j richardson
jessie carlton by francis forrester
only an irish boy by horatio alger jr.
saint augustin by louis bertrand
a grandmother's recollections by ella rodman
uncle humphrey's stories by various
the end of her honeymoon by marie belloc lowndes
odd craft part 14: admiral peters by w.w. jacobs
the submarine hunters by percy f. westerman
punchinello vol. 1 no. 3 april 16 1870 by various
the one great reality by louisa clayton
new vegetarian dishes by mrs. bowdich
the house of the whispering pines by anna katharine green
the book of the bush by george dunderdale
the boy allies at jutland by robert l. drake
the life story of an old rebel by john denvir
edgar huntley by charles brockden brown
the tale of brownie beaver by arthur scott bailey
hopes and fears by charlotte m. yonge
mercy philbrick's choice by helen hunt jackson
secret societies by david macdill jonathan blanchard & edward beecher
the worshipper of the image by richard le gallienne
thoughts on missions by sheldon dibble
a dreamer's palace by lord dunsany
piracy off the florida coast and elsewhere by samuel a. green
what's mine's mine complete by george macdonald
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the minister's charge by william dean howells
prime ministers and some others by george w. e. russell
poems of the heart and home by j. c. yule
the roman traitor: (volume 2 of 2) by henry william herbert
the nursery november 1873 vol. xiv. no. 5 by various
a strange manuscript found in a copper cylinder by james de mille
jane talbot by charles brockden brown
literary lapses by stephen leacock
the long vacation by charlotte m. yonge
unspoken sermons by george macdonald
the water ghost and others by john kendrick bangs
the vision of hell part 10 by dante alighieri
la bastille by auguste coeuret
ballads by william hayley
the innocents abroad part 1 of 6 by mark twain
passages from a relinquished work (from mosses from an
a german pompadour by marie hay
the american missionary - volume 54 no. 01 january 1900 by various
the masters of the peaks by joseph a. altsheler
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 33
vittoria vol. 6 by george meredith
the americanism of washington by henry van dyke
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 6 by gustave dore
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 327 by various
a discourse on the life character and writings of gulian
a ride to india across persia and baluchistan by harry de windt
the penance of magdalena and other tales of the california
chambers's edinburgh journal vol. 18 new series no. 449 aug 7 1852
memoirs of my dead life by george moore
the supplies for the confederate army by caleb huse
apologia diffidentis by w. compton leith
life at high tide by various
evan harrington vol. 6 by george meredith
wolf's head by charles egbert craddock
tip lewis and his lamp by pansy
thoroughbreds by w. a. fraser
prince zaleski by m.p. shiel
sadhana by rabindranath tagore
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 6 june 1810
three weeks by elinor glyn
cuba in war time by richard harding davis
beauchamp's career vol. 2 by george meredith
oxy-acetylene welding and cutting by harold p. manly
passages from the french and italian notebooks volume 1
beasley's christmas party by booth tarkington
life of john coleridge patteson by charlotte m. yonge
mr. achilles by jennette lee
the adventures of joel pepper by margaret sidney
clayhanger by arnold bennett
ride to the lady by helen gray cone
honey-bee by anatole france
minnie's pet horse by madeline leslie
flying for france by james r. mcconnell
principles of mining by herbert c. hoover
ned myers by james fenimore cooper
parables from flowers by gertrude p. dyer
journal of an expedition into the interior of tropical australia
basil by wilkie collins
helbeck of bannisdale vol. 1 by mrs. humphry ward
the history of the united states from 1492 to 1910 volume 1
the grain ship by morgan robertson
we can't have everything by rupert hughes
the flood by mile zola
vittoria complete by george meredith
buds and bird voices (from mosses from an old manse)
the three golden apples by nathaniel hawthorne
on the affinities of leptarctus primus of leidy by j. l. wortman
about ireland by e. lynn linton
a zola dictionary by j. g. patterson
the inside of the cup volume 8 by winston churchill
the boats of the glen carrig by william hope hodgson
the american missionary volume 52 no. 3 september 1898 by various
the spoilers by rex beach
the american missionary vol. 43 no. 9 september 1889 by various
the exploits of elaine by arthur b. reeve
clarissa volume 2 (of 9) by samuel richardson
a poor man's house by stephen sydney reynolds
the prince and the pauper part 3 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
erema by r. d. blackmore
travels in france during the years 1814-1815
the story hour by nora a. smith and kate douglas wiggin
one of our conquerors vol. 5 by george meredith
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 1 of 3
a soldier of virginia by burton egbert stevenson
thomas wingfold curate complete by george macdonald
memoirs of general william t. sherman vol. 2 part 4
rest harrow by maurice hewlett
norwegian life by ethlyn t. clough
a big temptation by l. t. meade m. b. manwell and maggie brown
mediaeval wales by a. g. little
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
dave darrin's first year at annapolis by h. irving hancock
the privateer's-man by frederick marryat
temporal power by marie corelli
little daffydowndilly by nathaniel hawthorne
the belted seas by arthur colton
punchinello vol. 2 no. 35 november 26 1870 by various
the minute boys of the mohawk valley by james otis
k by mary roberts rinehart
an essay on the american contribution and the democratic idea
captain cook by w.h.g. kingston
american cyclops the hero of new orleans by james fairfax mclaughlin
the atlantic monthly vol. 10 no. 58 august 1862 by various
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
farina by george meredith
niels klim's journey under the ground by baron ludvig holberg
scientific american supplement vol. xxxii no. 822 oct. 3 1891
the tragic comedians vol. 1 by george meredith
the virginia housewife by mary randolph
dreams and days: poems by george parsons lathrop
the allen house by t. s. arthur
guns and snowshoes by ralph bonehill
american hero-myths by daniel g. brinton
a little present for a good child by unknown
the nursery october 1873 vol. xiv. no. 4 by various
the snow-drop a holiday gift by sarah s. mower
the american missionary vol. 42 no. 3 march 1888 by various
birch bark legends of niagara by owahyah
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 29
the battle of the strong complete by gilbert parker
the curlytops at uncle frank's farm by howard r. garis
ruth fielding at snow camp by alice b. emerson
the rising of the court by henry lawson
on something by h. belloc
sailors' knots complete by w. w. jacobs
the case of general ople and lady camper by george meredith
wulf the saxon by g. a. henty
the grey lady by henry seton merriman
the log of a noncombatant by horace green
rollo at work by jacob abbott
aunt jane's nieces out west by edith van dyne
the earth trembled by e. p. roe
the fiend's delight by dod grile
elsie's girlhood by martha finley
notes and queries number 207 october 15 1853 by various
the tides of barnegat by f. hopkinson smith
answers to prayer by george muller
a love story by william harvey christie
sights from a steeple (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
love me little love me long by charles reade
poems (1828) by thomas gent
a history of greek art by f. b. tarbell
beacon lights of history volume xiii by john lord
the last hope by henry seton merriman
famous affinities of history vols. 1-4 by lyndon orr
songs of kabir by kabir
a visit to three fronts by arthur conan doyle
ardath by marie corelli
joy and power by henry van dyke
the young berringtons by w.h.g. kingston
burnham breaker by homer greene
the girl at cobhurst by frank richard stockton
lord ormont and his aminta complete by george meredith
how i found livingstone by henry m. stanley
the queen's scarlet by george manville fenn
cicero's brutus or history of famous orators; also his
mahomet by gladys m. draycott
the two guardians by charlotte mary yonge
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction by various
notable voyagers by w.h.g. kingston and henry frith
rujub the juggler by g. a. henty
birds and poets by john burroughs
life and matter by oliver lodge
doctor grimshawe's secret by nathaniel hawthorne
the temple of nature; or the origin of society by erasmus darwin
the prodigal judge by vaughan kester
pantheism its story and significance by j. allanson picton
manners makyth man by w. w. jacobs
when the holy ghost is come by s. l. brengle
salute to adventurers by john buchan
peeps at many lands: norway by a.f. mockler-ferryman
king o' the beach by george manville fenn
the story of little black mingo by helen bannerman
from edinburgh to india & burmah by william g. burn murdoch
characteristics of women by anna jameson
initiation into literature by emile faguet
homeward bound by james fenimore cooper
reign of tiberius out of the first six annals of tacitus by tacitus
jonas on a farm in winter by jacob abbott
the making of arguments by j. h. gardiner
lifted masks by susan glaspell
the contest in america by john stuart mill
james lane allen: a sketch of his life and work
the law-breakers and other stories by robert grant
on the structure of greek tribal society: an essay by hugh e. seebohm
national epics by kate milner rabb
quotes and images from motley's history of the netherlands
colonel thorndyke's secret by g. a. henty
the danger trail by james oliver curwood
the book of sports: by william martin
the story girl by lucy maud montgomery
fruits of culture by leo tolstoy
the louisa alcott reader by louisa m. alcott
an american politician by f. marion crawford
with the naval brigade in natal (1899-1900) by c.r.n. burne
a history of rome volume 1 by a. h. j. greenidge
rollo's philosophy [air] by jacob abbott
elusive isabel by jacques futrelle
tom swift and his photo telephone by victor appleton
polly and the princess by emma c. dowd
the nursery march 1873 vol. xiii. by various
complete version of ye three blind mice by john w. ivimey
transactions of the american society of civil engineers
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution vol. xi various
the old manse (from mosses from an old manse) by nathaniel hawthorne
behind a mask or a woman's power by a. m. barnard
california 1849-1913 by l. h. woolley
mary s. peake by lewis c. lockwood
the vision of hell part 8 by dante alighieri
chambers's edinburgh journal vol. 18 new series no. 444 jul 3 1852
old lady number 31 by louise forsslund
the sylphs of the season with other poems by washington allston
the man of adamant by nathaniel hawthorne
the last galley by arthur conan doyle
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the poetical works of edmund spenser volume 5
georgian poetry 1913-15 by various
punch vol. 99 september 13 1890 ed. by sir francis burnand
keith of the border by randall parrish
the happiest time of their lives by alice duer miller
the indian question (1874) by francis a. walker
the tale of chloe by george meredith
a defence of poetry and other essays by percy bysshe shelley
a narrative of the siege of delhi by charles john griffiths
demetrius by frederich schiller
a hundred fables of la fontaine by jean de la fontaine
absalom's hair by bjornstjerne bjornson
immensee by theodore w. storm
the burgomaster's wife complete by georg ebers
east o' the sun and west o' the moon as retold
saved at sea by mrs. o.f. walton
the great conspiracy part 3 by john alexander logan
woman's trials by t. s. arthur
vanguards of the plains by margaret mccarter
lives of the english poets by henry francis cary
the flight of the shadow by george macdonald
faces and places by henry william lucy
main street by nathaniel hawthorne
sea power in its relations to the war of 1812 by alfred thayer mahan
american scenes and christian slavery by ebenezer davies
carnacki the ghost finder by william hope hodgson
the atlantic monthly volume 18 no. 108 october 1866 by various
shiloh as seen by a private soldier by warren olney
the history of the rise progress and accomplishment
his hour by elinor glyn
the idler magazine volume iii. july 1893 by various
the american missionary - volume 52 no. 1 march 1898 by various
notes and queries number 211 november 12 1853 by various
our common insects by alpheus spring packard
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
the dark house by georg manville fenn
aunt jo's scrap-bag by louisa m. alcott
my lady of the north by randall parrish
roughing it part 1 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
mouse cats' story by amy prentice
conflict of northern and southern theories of man and society
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 5 by george meredith
what is coming? by h. g. wells
major frank by a. l. g. bosboom-toussaint
glimpses of an unfamilar japan by lafcadio hearn
the querist by george berkley
hymns of the greek church by john brownlie
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
poems by robert southey
harrigan by max brand
the idea of a university by john henry cardinal newman
elson grammar school literature book four by william h. elson
my friends at brook farm by john van der zee sears
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
a christmas mystery by william j. locke
hunting the skipper by george manville fenn
oaths signs ceremonies and objects of the ku-klux-klan
saturday's child by kathleen norris
war poetry of the south by various
don carlos by frederich schiller
the banks of wye by robert bloomfield
the poetical works of beattie blair and falconer by various
the mysteries of montreal by charlotte fuhrer
punchinello vol. 1 no. 13 june 25 1870 by various
my days of adventure by ernest alfred vizetelly
an appeal to the christian women of the south by angelina emily grimk
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 8 by mark twain
prudy keeping house by sophie may
the doctor's dilemma by george bernard shaw
historical miniatures by august strindberg
the gilded age part 4 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
the man from the clouds by j. storer clouston
virgilia by felicia buttz clark
the essentials of spirituality by felix adler
the circassian slave; or the sultan's favorite
american historical and literary antiquities part 12
old caravan days by mary hartwell catherwood
brook farm by john thomas codman
the last hope by henry seton merriman
ghost-seer (or the apparitionist) and sport of destiny
historical and political essays by william edward hartpole lecky
colonel john brown of pittsfield massachusetts archibald murray howe
trials and confessions of a housekeeper by t. s. arthur
the mysterious key and what it opened by louisa may alcott
honoring parents by anonymous
the splendid spur by arthur t. quiller couch
wild flowers worth knowing by neltje blanchan
games for everybody by may c. hofmann
love's pilgrimage by upton sinclair
old calabria by norman douglas
a double story by george macdonald
the young lieutenant by oliver optic
no hero by e. w. hornung
captain desmond v.c. by maud diver
the nicest girl in the school by angela brazil
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 3 by george meredith
the perils of pauline by charles goddard
the puritans by arlo bates
an essay on the slavery and commerce of the human species
the wallypug in london by g. e. farrow
the reformed librarie-keeper (1650) by john dury
the caxtons complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the nursery august 1873 vol. xiv. no. 2 by various
beauchamp's career vol. 7 by george meredith
punchinello vol. 1 no. 2 april 9 1870 by various
scientific american supplement no. 620 november 191887 by various
marjorie's new friend by carolyn wells
the nursery june 1873 vol. xiii. by various
punchinello vol. 1 no. 23 september 3 1870 by various
a rogue by compulsion by victor bridges
barbara blomberg complete by georg ebers
history of the donner party by c. f. mcglashan
documentary history ... rio grande pueblos of new mexico by andelieer
a peep behind the scenes by mrs. o. f. walton
the master's indwelling by andrew murray
the crisis volume 7 by winston churchill
the flag of distress by mayne reid
synge and the ireland of his time by william butler yeats
felix o'day by f. hopkinson smith
thirty years a slave by louis hughes
northern travel by bayard taylor
words of cheer for the tempted the toiling and the sorrowing
scientific american supplement no. 363 december 16 1882 by various
the farm that won't wear out by cyril g. hopkins
'our guy' by mrs. e. e. boyd
the texan scouts by joseph a. altsheler
so runs the world by henryk sienkiewicz
sandra belloni complete by george meredith
the british north america act 1867 by anonymous
guy mannering (complete) by sir walter scott
the tale of peter rabbit by beatrix potter
punch vol. 146 april 29 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the room in the dragon volant by j. sheridan lefanu
baby pitcher's trials by mrs. may
smoke bellew by jack london
the vision of hell part 4 by dante alighieri
ranson's folly by richard harding davis
anna the adventuress by e. phillips oppenheim
the modern scottish minstrel volume ii. by various
the roman traitor (volume 1 of 2) by henry william herbert
many kingdoms by elizabeth jordan
keeping up appearances by w.w. jacobs
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 3 by george meredith
obligations of christians by william carey
a romance of the republic by lydia maria francis child
the adventures of samuel and selina by jean c. archer
finger posts on the way of life by t. s. arthur
micah clarke by sir arthur conan doyle
punchinello vol. 1 no. 6 may 7 1870 by various
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the motor girls on waters blue by margaret penrose
samuel johnson by leslie stephen
the boys of columbia high on the gridiron by graham b. forbes
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol 10 no. 291
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 3 by mark twain
astronomical instruments and accessories by wm. gaertner & co
the letters of charles dickens by charles dickens
notes and queries number 76 april 12 1851 by various
the adventures of little bewildered henry by anonymous
philaster by francis beaumont and john fletcher
fountains in the sand by norman douglas
matrimonial openings by w.w. jacobs
quiet talks on service by s. d. gordon
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
caleb williams by william godwin
an australian lassie by lilian turner
a compilation of messages and letters of the presidents
the chemical history of a candle by michael faraday
the young mother by william a. alcott
manual for noncommissioned officers and privates of infantry
rob roy volume 2 by sir walter scott
how to do it by edward everett hale
punch vol. 153 oct. 17 1917 by various
the boy allies under two flags by robert l. drake
the atlantic monthly vol. 2 no. 8 june 1858 by various
peterkin by mary louisa molesworth
seeing europe with famous authors vol. 3 by various
trade and travel in the far east by g. f. davidson
the channings: a story by mrs. henry wood
his big opportunity by amy le feuvre
action front by boyd cable
american historical and literary antiquities part 17
salted with fire by george macdonald
two daring young patriots by w. p. shervill
the honor of the big snows by james oliver curwood
cornelli by johanna spyri
the wolf's long howl by stanley waterloo
princess polly's gay winter by amy brooks
a treatise concerning the principles of human knowledge
the reverberator by henry james
studies in civics by james t. mccleary
anecdotes for boys by harvey newcomb
the black bag by louis joseph vance
mother earth vol. 1 no. 3 may 1906 by various
out of the primitive by robert ames bennet
old lady mary by margaret o. wilson oliphant
miscellaneous essays by thomas de quincey
england of my heart - spring by edward hutton
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 4 by george meredith
the witch of atlas by percy bysshe shelley
a visit to the micmac indians by william macgregor
the broken road by a. e. w. mason
brochure series of architectural illustration vol. 1 no. 8 aug 1895
hildegarde's neighbors by laura e. richards
memoir and diary of john yeardley minister of the gospel
lives of the necromancers by william godwin
jemmy stubbins or the nailer boy by anonymous
a broader mission for liberal education by john henry worst
an enemy to the king by robert neilson stephens
on picket duty and other tales by louisa may alcott
up the baltic young america in norway sweden and denmark
punch vol. 153 sept. 5 1917 by various
richard dane's venture by edward stratemeyer
the motor girls on cedar lake by margaret penrose
m. or n. similia similibus curantur by g. j. whyte-melville
hunter's marjory by margaret bruce clarke
the nursery january 1873 vol. xiii. by various
robert elsmere by mrs. humphry ward
the fertility of the unfit by william allan chapple
the voyages of the ranger and crusader by w.h.g. kingston
roughing it part 4 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
embers complete by gilbert parker
mother earth vol. 1 no. 2 april 1906 by various
man on the ocean by r.m. ballantyne
description of the great tornado in chester county pa. by darlington
punch vol. 146 april 1 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
a new voyage round the world in the years 1823 24 25
what's mine's mine vol. 3 of 3 by george macdonald
mike marble by uncle frank
fifteen chapters of autobiography by george william erskine russell
arachne complete by georg ebers
trapped by malays by george manville fenn
more cargoes by w. w. jacobs
stories by foreign authors: italian by various
voyages of samuel de champlain vol. 3 by samuel de champlain
martie the unconquered by kathleen norris
the prince and the pauper part 1 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
the great english short-story writers vol. 1 by various
newton forster or the merchant service by frederick marryat
condemned as a nihilist by george alfred henty
the doings of raffles haw by arthur conan doyle
off-hand sketches by t. s. arthur
roughing it part 7 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
a terrible secret by may agnes fleming
remarks by bill nye
the awkward age by henry james
theological essays and other papers v1 by thomas de quincey
hetty's strange history by anonymous
good intentions by w. w. jacobs
the magician's show box and other stories by lydia maria child
philip dru: administrator by edward mandell house
the thrall of leif the lucky by ottilie a. liljencrantz
the personal touch by j. wilbur chapman
the london and country brewer by anonymous
introduction to the dramas of balzac by epiphanius wilson
the two wives by t. s. arthur
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 5 by charles james lever
rampolli by george macdonald
the dead alive by wilkie collins
the veterinarian by chas. j. korinek
chips from a german workshop vol. v. by f. max m?r
the inside of the cup volume 6 by winston churchill
the giant hands by alfred crowquill
dragon's blood by henry milner rideout
six days on the hurricane deck of a mule by almira stillwell cole
aladdin o'brien by gouverneur morris
american historical and literary antiquities part 20
the voyages of samuel de champlain volume 1
the pilgrims of new england by mrs. j. b. webb
roman antiquities and ancient mythology by charles k. dillaway
the lane that had no turning complete by gilbert parker
what germany thinks by thomas f. a. smith
the pony rider boys in montana by frank gee patchin
charlotte's inheritance by m. e. braddon
the shaving of shagpat vol. 3 by george meredith
the arbiter by lady f. e. e. bell
the prince and the pauper part 7 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the clique of gold by emile gaboriau
the adventures of tom sawyer part 8 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
une vie a piece of string and other stories by guy de maupassant
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 7 by george meredith
betty vivian by l. t. meade
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the innocents abroad part 2 of 6 by mark twain
the ne'er-do-well by rex beach
a son of hagar by sir hall caine
the story of rouen by sir theodore andrea cook
buchanan's journal of man vol. 1 no. 5 june 1887 by various
the architecture and landscape gardening of the exposition
recollections of old liverpool by a nonagenarian
delia blanchflower by mrs. humphry ward
a dish of orts by george macdonald
it happened in egypt by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the celt and saxon complete by george meredith
biographies of working men by grant allen
the ancient irish epic tale t? b?alnge by unknown
the nursery july 1873 vol. xiv. no. 1 by various
the innocents abroad part 3 of 6 by mark twain
description of a new vespertilionine bat from yucatan by j.a. allen
jim davis by john masefield
the boss of little arcady by harry leon wilson
count frontenac and new france under louis xiv by francis parkman
little folks by various
the continental monthly vol. 2 no 4 october 1862 by various
britain at bay by spenser wilkinson
pelham complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the flower basket by unknown
the young carthaginian by g.a. henty
on the vice of novel reading by young e. allison
stories from the italian poets with lives of the writers
four girls and a compact by annie hamilton donnell
the bishop's shadow by i. t. thurston
american historical and literary antiquities part 2
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 3
trials and triumphs of faith by mary cole
the inside of the cup volume 7 by winston churchill
night watches part 9: easy money by w.w. jacobs
life and adventures of mr. pig and miss crane by unknown
brotherly love by mrs. sherwood and her daughter mrs. streeten
imaginations and reveries by a. e. george william russell
kalevala: the epic poem of finland vol. 1 by elias lnnrot
sea urchins by w. w. jacobs
normandy part 1 by gordon home
the essays of arthur schopenhauer: studies in pessimism
the atlantic monthly volume 18 no. 106 august 1866 by various
the dream by emile zola
campfire girls go motoring by hildegard g. frey
skilled assistance by w. w. jacobs
with zola in england by ernest alfred vizetelly
the idler magazine vol iii may 1893 by various
the life of hon. william f. cody by william f. cody
celtic fairy tales by various
a girl's ride in iceland by ethel brilliana alec-tweedie
sustained honor by john r. musick
what's mine's mine vol. 1 of 3 by george macdonald
memoirs of my life and writings by edward gibbon
life's handicap by rudyard kipling
clarissa volume 7 by samuel richardson
the lady of the aroostook by william dean howells
a man of mark by anthony hope
the governors by e. phillips oppenheim
senate resolution 6 41st congress 1st session by u.s. senate
short stories old and new by various
another world by benjamin lumley (a.k.a. hermes)
the atlantic monthly vol. 5 no. 27 january 1860 by various
j. cole by emma gellibrand
rab and his friends by john brown
quiet talks about jesus by s. d. gordon
punch vol. 101 november 21 1891 ed. by francis burnand
lippincott's magazine vol. 22 november 1878 by various
the green flag by arthur conan doyle
the art of literature by arthur schopenhauer
at sunwich port part 3 chapters 11-15 by w. w. jacobs
toby tyler by james otis
ariadne florentina by john ruskin
a beautiful possibility by edith ferguson black
poems by john hay
the primadonna by f. marion crawford
refutation of charges against the confederate states by h. e. hayden
adventures of huckleberry finn part 2 by mark twain
american historical and literary antiquities part 3
in a steamer chair and other stories robert barr
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 19
the famous missions of california by william henry hudson
athens: its rise and fall vol. 3 by edward bulwer-lytton
the atlantic monthly volume 17 no. 104 june 1866 by various
the nursery february 1873 vol. xiii. by various
the newcomes by william makepeace thackeray
peter piper's plain and perfect pronunciation by anonymous
andromeda and other poems by charles kingsley
the national preacher vol. 2 no. 7 dec. 1827 by leland and baldwin
scientific american supplement no. 415 december 15 1883 by various
speculations from political economy by c. b. clarke
sketches new and old part 6 by mark twain
the herd boy and his hermit by charlotte m. yonge
richard carvel volume 6 by winston churchill
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
norman vallery by w.h.g. kingston
the story of the white-rock cove by anonymous
holland by thomas colley grattan
an essay concerning humane understanding volume 2 by john locke
aesop's fables by aesop
the infant's delight: poetry by anonymous
drolls from shadowland by j. h. pearce
american historical and literary antiquities series i
queensland cousins by eleanor luisa haverfield
the aspirations of jean servien by anatole france
anting-anting stories by sargent kayme
jean francois millet by estelle m. hurll
the pearl of lima by jules verne
female scripture biographies vol. 1 by francis augustus cox
locusts and wild honey by john burroughs
experiments in government and the essentials of the constitution
mary jane: her book by clara ingram judson
the atlantic monthly vol. 8 no. 50 december 1861 by various
the adventures of sir launcelot greaves by tobias smollett
dorothy dale by margaret penrose
the last penny and other stories by t. s. arthur
an essay on slavery and abolitionism by catharine e. beecher
with steyn and de wet by philip pienaar
birds illustrated by color photograph [april 1897] by various
the crown of success by charlotte maria tucker
the english utilitarians vol. 2 of 3: james mill by leslie stephen
a sportsman's sketches by ivan turgenev
joe strong the boy fire-eater by vance barnum
the makers of canada: bishop laval by a. leblond de brumath
with airship and submarine by harry collingwood
a man and his money by frederic stewart isham
born in exile by george gissing
the bobbsey twins at school by laura lee hope
the evil eye; or the black spector by william carleton
captains all book 6: bob's redemption by w. w. jacobs
lippincott's magazine vol. 26 august 1880 by various
the works of mr. george gillespie by george gillespie
pebbles on the shore by alpha of the plough
the red eric by r.m. ballantyne
agatha webb by anna katherine green
fancy's show-box (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
north south and over the sea by m.e. francis (mrs. francis blundell)
the celebrity volume 1 by winston churchill
ladies must live by alice duer miller
the mystery of the four fingers by fred m. white
history of california by helen elliott bandini
the king's daughter and other stories for girls by various
elegies and other small poems by matilda betham
phebe the blackberry girl by edward livermore
pragmatism by william james
beverly of graustark by george barr mccutcheon
ishmael by mrs. e. d. e. n. southworth
the atlantic monthly vol. 1 no. 1 nov. 1857 by various
children of the new forest by capt. marryat
the adventures of tom sawyer part 2 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the merry adventures of robin hood by howard pyle
the boy allies with uncle sam's cruisers by robert l. drake
punch vol. 153 sept. 12 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
the attach; or sam slick in england by thomas chandler haliburton
beauchamp's career vol. 5 by george meredith
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the world of waters by mrs. david osborne
punchinello vol. 2 no. 31 october 29 1870 by various
amelia by henry fielding
undertow by kathleen norris
the vision of purgatory part 3 by dante alighieri
the fugitive by rabindranath tagore
southern lights and shadows by various
haydn by john f. runciman
tales of bengal by s. b. banerjea
a fair barbarian by francis hodgson burnett
the memoirs of count grammont volume 3 by anthony hamilton
captains all by w. w. jacobs
the gold thread by norman macleod
gascoyne the sandal-wood trader by r.m. ballantyne
moni the goat-boy by johanna spyri
adventures of huckleberry finn part 3 by mark twain
by england's aid by g. a. henty
san francisco during the eventful days of april 1906
joe strong the boy fish by vance barnum
cardinal newman as a musician by edward bellasis
sketch of handel and beethoven by thomas hanly ball
leonardo da vinci by maurice w. brockwell
aunt jane's nieces on vacation by edith van dyne
the native born by i. a. r. wylie
from yauco to las marias by karl stephen herrman
hereward the last of the english by charles kingsley
the nursery april 1873 vol. xiii. by various
ballad book by various
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 5 by marietta holley
the life studies and works of benjamin west esq. by john galt
the gerrard street mystery and other weird tales by john charles dent
anti-slavery examiner part 4 of 4 by american anti-slavery society
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 14
without a home by e. p. roe
bible stories and religious classics by philip p. wells
the pothunters by p. g. wodehouse
new tabernacle sermons by thomas de witt talmage
sea-wolves of the mediterranean by currey e. hamilton
the hero of garside school by j. harwood panting
the huge hunter by edward s. ellis
the tale of freddie firefly by arthur scott bailey
the air ship boys by h. l. sayler
the atlantic monthly volume 18 no. 109 november 1866 by various
renaissance in italy volumes 1 and 2 by john addington symonds
the bronze age in ireland by george coffey
tom the bootblack by horatio alger
my native land by james cox
the heart of mid-lothian vol. 2 by sir walter scott
enthusiasm and other poems by susanna moodie
the heart's highway by mary e. wilkins
the american missionary vol. 44 no. 4 april 1890 by various
the paradise of children by nathaniel hawthorne
carried off by esm?tuart
the american missionary vol. 42 no. 6 june 1888 by various
scientific american supplement no. 392 july 7 1883 by various
it is never too late to mend by charles reade
early double monasteries by constance stoney
play-making by william archer
a modern chronicle volume 4 by winston churchill
poetical works of george macdonald volume 2
france and england in north america a series of historical
the little savage by captain marryat
memories and anecdotes by kate sanborn
the rebel of the school by mrs. l. t. meade
notes and queries number 190 june 18 1853 ed. by george bell
carpenter's daughter by anna bartlett warner and susan bogert warner
legal status of women in iowa by jennie lansley wilson
the duke of stockbridge by edward bellamy
punch or the london charivari june 10 1914 by various
log-book of timothy boardman by samuel w boardman
the mating of lydia by mrs. humphry ward
magnum bonum by charlotte m. yonge
old ballads by various
the wept of wish-ton-wish by james fenimore cooper
the stars & stripes vol 1 no 1 by american expeditionary forces
the inside of the cup volume 1 by winston churchill
flora lyndsay by susan moodie
saronia by richard short
atlantic monthly vol. 10 no. 57 july 1862 by various
babylonians and assyrians life and customs by a. h. sayce
drum taps by walt whitman
fugitive slave law: the religious duty of obedience to law by spencer
the monastery by sir walter scott
the first mate by harry collingwood
petty troubles of married life part first by honore de balzac
'a comedy of errors' in seven acts by spokeshave (a.k.a. old fogy)
wonders of creation by anonymous
the tragic comedians vol. 2 by george meredith
english housewifery exemplified by elizabeth moxon
evan harrington vol. 7 by george meredith
snubby nose and tippy toes by laura rountree smith
aunt jane's nieces at millville by edith van dyne
animal carvings from mounds of the mississippi valley henry w. henshaw
dave darrin's second year at annapolis by h. irving hancock
political ideals bertrand russell
forty years in south china by rev. john gerardus fagg
the woman's bible by elizabeth cady stanton
the lost lady of lone by e.d.e.n. southworth
notes and queries number 60 december 21 1850 ed. by george bell
mr. fortescue by william westall
a modern chronicle volume 7 by winston churchill
the lion and the mouse by charles klein
miss minerva and william green hill by frances boyd calhoun
a rock in the baltic by robert barr
through the malay archipelago by emily richings
canada for gentlemen by james seton cockburn
shakespeare study programs; the comedies by porter and clarke
the coming of the princess and other poems by kate seymour maclean
the adventures of tom sawyer part 3 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the public orations of demosthenes vol. 2 by demosthenes
the lives of the poets of great britain and ireland (1753)
the crown of wild olive by john ruskin
a hidden life and other poems by george macdonald
the naturalist on the thames by c. j. cornish
letters on the nicobar islands their natural productions
punchinello vol. 1 no. 17 july 23 1870 by various
chaldea by zenaide a. ragozin
sylvia's lovers vol. 2 by elizabeth gaskell
a modern chronicle volume 3 by winston churchill
dickens-land by j. a. nicklin
dumpy proverbs by honor c. appleton
red fleece by will levington comfort
the rivet in grandfather's neck by james branch cabell
the midnight passenger by richard henry savage
conspiracy of catiline and the jurgurthine war by sallust
unitarianism in america by george willis cooke
american historical and literary antiquities part 7
the confessions of harry lorrequer vol. 4 by charles james lever
the aeneid of virgil by virgil
queen victoria by anonymous
stray studies from england and italy by john richard green
wild northern scenes by s. h. hammond
conversations on chemistry vol. 1-2 by jane marcet
punch vol. 150 february 2 1916 ed. by sir owen seaman
girl scouts by unknown
punch or the london charivari volume 93 august 13 1887 by various
becket and other plays by alfred lord tennyson
bethink yourselves by leo tolstoi
love life & work by elbert hubbard
prelude in e minor op. 28 no. 4 by fryderyk franciszek chopin
hardscrabble by john richardson
the last of the barons complete by edward bulwer-lytton
ancient and modern physics by thomas e. willson
oh money! money! by eleanor hodgman porter
a boy's ride by gulielma zollinger
the gringos by b. m. bower
political women (vol. 1 of 2) by sutherland menzies
the green fairy book by various
choice specimens of american literature and literary reader
bo-peep story books by anonymous
every soul hath its song by fannie hurst
the works of samuel johnson volume 6 by samuel johnson
the head of kay's by p. g. wodehouse
the great conspiracy part 2 by john alexander logan
captain macklin by richard harding davis
the brain and the voice in speech and song by f. w. mott
tales of st. austin's by p. g. wodehouse
political women vol. 2 (of 2) by sutherland menzies
an epitome of homeopathic healing art by b. l. hill
a book of golden deeds by charlotte m. yonge
lost in the fog by james de mille
quotes and images from memoirs of count grammont by anthony hamilton
the philosophy of despair david starr jordan
there is sorrow on the sea by gilbert parker
eastern tales by many story tellers by various
the thorogood family by r.m. ballantyne
after long years and other stories by various
lands of the slave and the free by henry a. murray
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 54 no. 334 august 1843
ridan the devil and other stories by louis becke
lineage life and labors of jose rizal philippine patriot
the yeoman adventurer by george w. gough
selections from poe by j. montgomery gambrill
through veld and forest by harry collingwood
aboriginal american weaving by mary lois kissell
kalevala: the epic poem of finland vol. 2 by elias lnnrot
travels in morocco volume 1 by james richardson
the cause of it all by leo tolstoy
the von toodleburgs by f. colburn adams
things to make by archibald williams
the path to rome by hilaire belloc
freedom in science and teaching. by ernst haeckel and t. h. huxley
the stories of the three burglars by frank richard stockton
the poetical works of mrs. leprohon by rosanna eleanor leprohon
the celebrity volume 3 by winston churchill
the pagans by arlo bates
the liberty minstrel by george w. clark
journal of an overland expedition in australia by ludwig leichhardt
the fulfilment of a dream of pastor hsi's by a. mildred cable
a system of logic ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
wakulla by kirk munroe
war-time silhouettes by stephen hudson
the mide'wiwin or grand medicine society of the ojibwa by hoffman
selection from the discourses of epictetus with the encheiridion
sermons for the times by charles kingsley
girls: faults and ideals by j. r. miller
two years ago volume 1 by charles kinglsey
an historical account of the settlements of scotch
dialstone lane by w. w. jacobs
anti-slavery examiner part 1 of 4 by american anti-slavery society
the true story book ed. by andrew lang
viviette by william j. locke
on the portraits of english authors on gardening by samuel felton
godolphin complete by edward bulwer-lytton
punchinello vol. 1 no. 4 april 23 1870 by various
the faithful shepherdess by francis beaumont and john fletcher
peter pan in kensington gardens by j. m. barrie
the mystery of the green ray by william le queux
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 2 (of 6) by louis creswicke
new observations on the natural history of bees by francis huber
olivia in india by o. douglas
sketches of the east africa campaign by robert valentine dolbey
once upon a time in connecticut by caroline clifford newton
punchinello vol. 2 no. 29 october 15 1870 by various
the american judiciary by simeon e. baldwin
history of liberia by j. h. t. mcpherson
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 12
the reminiscences of baron sir henry hawkins brampton
american historical and literary antiquities part 6
nightmare abbey by thomas love peacock
ruth fielding of the red mill by alice b. emerson
the prairie chief by r.m. ballantyne
sleepy-time tales: the tale of fatty coon by arthur scott bailey
the atlantic monthly vol. 1 no. 7 may 1858 by various
swiss family robinson told in words of one syllable by mary godolphin
acetylene the principles of its generation and use
a merry dialogue declaringe the properties of shrowde shrews
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction by various
history of australia and new zealand by alexander and george sutherland
through the iron bars by emile cammaerts
lord ormont and his aminta vol. 2 by george meredith
the shopkeeper turned gentleman by molire
the spirit of the age by william hazlitt
kalevala: the epic poem of finland complete by elias lnnrot
international short stories: french by various
the fifth queen crowned by ford madox ford
strawberry acres by grace s. richmond
punch vol. 153 oct. 10 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
the book of brave old ballads by unknown
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 5 by gustave dore
the belief in immortality and the worship of the dead vol. 1 of 3
eve's diary part 1 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
punch vol. 150 june 7 1916 ed. by sir owen seaman
the story of sugar by sara ware bassett
old news by nathaniel hawthorne
adela cathcart vol. 2 by george macdonald
the great god success by john graham
the cornwall coast by arthur l. salmon
a letter from the lord bishop of london to the clergy
the grim smile of the five towns by arnold bennett
india's problem krishna or christ by john p. jones
three boys by george manville fenn
time and the gods by lord dunsany
the weavers complete by gilbert parker
the oriental story book by wilhelm hauff
sweet cicely by josiah allen's wife: marietta holley
the meadow-brook girls under canvas by janet aldridge
theresa marchmont by mrs. charles gore
king coal by upton sinclair
the four faces by william le queux
half a rogue by harold macgrath
through the fray by g. a. henty
twixt france and spain by e. ernest bilbrough
narrative of the captivity of william biggs by william biggs
dyke darrel the railroad detective by a. frank pinkerton
the works of aphra behn vol. iv by aphra behn
discourse of a method for the well guiding of reason by rene descartes
punch vol. 1 september 25 1841 ed. by mark lemon
the bravest of the brave by g. a. henty
under the prophet in utah by frank j. cannon and harvey j. o'higgins
the three cities trilogy: paris vol. 5 by mile zola
the woman who dared by epes sargent
scientific essays and lectures by charles kingsley
a yankee in the trenches by r. derby holmes
the gorgon's head by nathaniel hawthorne
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 5
woman in the nineteenth century by margaret fuller ossoli
the philistines by arlo bates
recollections of dante gabriel rossetti by t. hall caine
essays on russian novelists by william lyon phelps
the boys of bellwood school by frank v. webster
the prince and the pauper part 9 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the literary remains of samuel taylor coleridge volume 1
darkness and daylight by mary j. holmes
the rover boys on the ocean by arthur m. winfield
he by andrew lang
sandra belloni vol. 3 by george meredith
the magnificent lovers (les amants magnifiques) by molire
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 2 by mark twain
clarissa vol. 6 of 9 by samuel richardson
beside the bonnie brier bush by ian maclaren
kenelm chillingly complete by edward bulwer-lytton
american historical and literary antiquities part 21
with the procession by henry b. fuller
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 34
the extraordinary adventures of arsene lupin
castle nowhere by constance fenimore woolson
the kingdom of god is within you by graf leo tolstoy
far above rubies by george macdonald
a yacht voyage round england by w.h.g. kingston
the adventures of ferdinand count fathom part 1 by tobias smollett
the miracle and other poems by virna sheard
beacon lights of history volume 3 by john lord
frank on the lower mississippi by harry castlemon
reminiscences of pioneer days in st. paul by frank moore
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 17 no. 491
the lady with the dog and other stories by anton chekhov
confession by w. gilmore simms
the widow o'callaghan's boys by gulielma zollinger
the nibelungenlied by unknown
in the fire of the forge complete by georg ebers
the peril finders by george manville fenn
the mule by harvey riley
the day of the dog by george barr mccutcheon
at last by charles kingsley
annette the metis spy by joseph edmund collins
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the atlantic monthly vol. 6 no. 33 july 1860 by various
the land of little rain by mary hunter austin
bristol bells by emma marshall
thomas carlyle by john nichol
christianity and greek philosophy by benjamin franklin cocker
mystics and saints of islam by claud field
the amazing marriage vol. 3 by george meredith
rufus and rose by horatio alger jr
laura secord the heroine of 1812 by sarah anne curzon
a girl among the anarchists by isabel meredith
studies among the sedentary indians of new mexicoby adolphus bandelier
sketches new and old part 1 by mark twain
the price of a soul by william jennings bryan
peter and wendy by james matthew barrie
english literature by william j. long
a trip abroad by don carlos janes
the song of the flag by eric mackay
the dukeries by r. murray gilchrist
rise of the dutch republic vol. 1 of 3 1555-66 by john lothrop motley
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13 no. 360
the pink fairy book by various
a book of autographs by nathaniel hawthorne
observations upon the windward coast of africa by joseph corry
poems by victor hugo
the countess of escarbagnas by molire
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 4
the story of the other wise man by henry van dyke
jennie baxter journalist by robert barr
poems by walter r. cassels
army letters from an officer's wife 1871-1888 by frances m. a. roe
a history of the four georges volume i (of 4) by justin mccarthy
an abridgment of the architecture of vitruvius by vitruvius
the sentimentalists by george meredith
in friendship's guise by wm. murray graydon
daemonologie by king james i
roughing it part 2 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 2
as a man thinketh by james allen
the real america in romance volume 6 a century too soon
over the rocky mountains by r. m. ballantyne
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 15
the minister and the boy by allan hoben
the young woman's guide by william a. alcott
appearances by goldsworthy lowes dickinson
punchinello vol. 1 no. 21 august 20 1870 by various
the dramatic values in plautus by william wallace blancke
capt'n davy's honeymoon by hall caine
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the international magazine volume 2 no. 3 february 1851 by various
the tale of johnny town-mouse by beatrix potter
little annie's ramble (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
principles of political economy vol. 1 of 2 by william roscher
an essay towards a new theory of vision by george berkeley
a doctor of the old school part 5 by ian maclaren
the memoirs of general ulysses s. grant part 6
maldita felicidade by alexandre da costa
little folks (october 1884) by various
specimens with memoirs of the less-known british poets
new york times current history; the european war v2 no. 4 jul 1915
the life of samuel taylor coleridge by james gillman
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 september 23 1914 by various
the adventures of harry richmond complete by george meredith
the wonderful bed by gertrude knevels
the critique of practical reason by immanuel kant
the ordeal of richard feverel complete by george meredith
archaeological essays vol. 1 by james y. simpson
life on the mississippi part 10 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
bertha garlan by arthur schnitzler
the white old maid (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
athens: its rise and fall vol. 5 by edward bulwer-lytton
life on the mississippi part 7 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the store boy by horatio alger jr.
the baby's own aesop by aesop and walter crane
the germany and the agricola of tacitus by tacitus
sacred and profane love by e. arnold bennett
my first years as a frenchwoman 1876-1879 by mary king waddington
the fat and the thin by emile zola
a versailles christmas-tide by mary stuart boyd
three women by ella wheeler wilcox
the double traitor by e. phillips oppenheim
luca signorelli by maud cruttwell
jane cable by george barr mccutcheon
the mill on the floss by george eliot
the river war by winston s. churchill
edward fane's rosebud (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
the healing of nations and the hidden sources of their strife
an essay on the evils of popular ignorance by john foster
while the billy boils by henry lawson
peter by f. hopkinson smith
menhardoc by george manville fenn
the masque of the elements by herman scheffauer
pauline's passion and punishment by louisa may alcott
notes & queries no. 18. saturday march 2 1850 by various
the children's pilgrimage by l. t. meade
taken alive by e. p. roe
sandra belloni vol. 4 by george meredith
the story of ab by stanley waterloo
andy the acrobat by peter t. harkness
town geology by charles kingsley
vicky van by carolyn wells
owen hartley; or ups and downs by william h. g. kingston
the world's greatest books vol 3 by various
a queens delight by anonymous
blindfolded by earle ashley walcott
punchinello vol. 1. no. 20 august 13 1870 by various
the amazing marriage vol. 1 by george meredith
the queen of sheba & my cousin the colonel by thomas bailey aldrich
the dingo boys by g. manville fenn
rollo's experiments by jacob abbott
gold dust by e. l. e. b.
the survey of cornwall by richard carew
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
the trail of the lonesome pine by john fox jr.
the circus procession by unknown
gambia by frederick john melville
by sheer pluck by g. a. henty
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
at sunwich port part 2 chapters 6-10 by w. w. jacobs
october vagabonds by richard le gallienne
woodcraft by george w. sears [a.k.a.: nessmuk]
song-waves by theodore h. rand
along the shore by rose hawthorne lathrop
a lie never justifiable by h. clay trumbull
the celtic twilight by w. b. yeats
the gold bat by p. g. wodehouse
the young woodsman by j. macdonald oxley
poems by matilda betham
little sister snow by frances little
at large by arthur christopher benson
the upton letters by arthur christopher benson
notes and queries number 183 april 30 1853 by various
dick lionheart by mary rowles jarvis
a life of gen. robert e. lee by john esten cooke
stories of many lands by grace greenwood
cashel byron's profession by george bernard shaw
what every woman knows by james m. barrie
cord and creese by james de mille
a retrospect by james hudson taylor
the beetle by richard marsh
buchanan's journal of man november 1887 by various
soldiers three by rudyard kipling
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 30
my reminiscences of the anglo-boer war by ben viljoen
the young farmer: some things he should know by thomas forsyth hunt
what will he do with it complete by edward bulwer-lytton
mother's remedies by t. j. ritter
punchinello vol. 1 no. 1 saturday april 2 1870 by various
vittoria vol. 7 by george meredith
the iron woman by margaret deland
strong hearts by george w. cable
history of rome from the earliest times down to 476 ad
the cookery blue book by california
the three cities trilogy: rome complete by emile zola
fair em shakespeare apocrypha
the man shakespeare and his tragic life story by frank harris
elizabethan sea dogs: a chronicle of drake and his companions
truxton king by george barr mccutcheon
the path of a star by sara jeannette duncan
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 62 no. 382 october 1847
the lives of saint declan and saint mochuda by anonymous
miss theodosia's heartstrings by annie hamilton donnell
the fallen leaves by wilkie collins
aftermath by james lane allen
the complete historical romances of georg ebers
prize essay on the cultivation of the potato; &c by compton & blot
french lyrics by arthur graves canfield
macmillan's reading books book 5 by various
baree son of kazan by james oliver curwood
holiday tales by florence wilford
recollections of my childhood and youth by george brandes
a narrative of the life and adventures of venture a native
driven back to eden by e. p. roe
a modern chronicle complete by winston churchill
the second deluge by garrett p. serviss
the coryston family by mrs. humphry ward
turandot: the chinese sphinx by johann christoph
one of our conquerors vol. 1 by george meredith
anti-slavery examiner part 2 of 4 by american anti-slavery society
punch vol. 153 sept. 19 1917 ed. by sir owen seaman
account of the foxglove and some of its medical uses william withering
when valmond came to pontiac complete by gilbert parker
notes and queries number 213 november 26 1853 by various
a tramp through the bret harte country by thomas dykes beasley
the mystery of cloomber by arthur conan doyle
the gilded age part 1 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
the hour glass a morality play by w. b. yeats
the lifeboat by r.m. ballantyne
teddy's button by amy le feuvre
the seven champions of christendom by w. h. g. kingston
tom swift in the city of gold by victor appleton
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 2 by marietta holley
adventures of huckleberry finn part 5 by mark twain
from the lips of the sea by clinton scollard
history of egypt from 330 b.c. volume 12 (of 12) by s. rappoport
a tale of one city: the new birmingham by thomas anderton
a modern chronicle volume 2 by winston churchill
mystic london: by charles maurice davies
notes & queries no. 31. saturday june 1 1850 by various
hydriatic treatment of scarlet fever by charles munde
the open door and the portrait by margaret o. wilson oliphant
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 35
the angel over the right shoulder by elizabeth wooster stuart phelps
the poetry of architecture by john ruskin
the spread eagle and other stories by gouverneur morris
practical suggestions for mother and housewife by marion m. miller
hector's inheritance by horatio alger
tomaso's fortune and other stories by henry seton merriman
catherine booth by mildred duff
paste jewels by john kendrick bangs
daisy dare and baby power by rosa vertner jeffrey
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
little citizens by myra kelly
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 1 by marietta holley
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents vol. 5
the struggles of brown jones and robinson by anthony trollope
the ground plan of the english parish church by a. hamilton thompson
game and playe of the chesse by caxton
the nest builder by beatrice forbes-robertson hale
ethelyn's mistake by mary jane holmes
it might have been by emily sarah holt
proceedings 4th annual meeting by northern nut growers association
california and the californians by david starr jordan
the european anarchy by g. lowes dickinson
biographies of working men by grant allen
house of john procter witchcraft martyr 1692 by william p. upham
the moneychangers by upton sinclair
the lincoln story book by henry l. williams
belinda by a. a. milne
robert louis stevenson by margaret moyes black
a yeoman's letters by p. t. ross
the great stone of sardis by frank r. stockton
union and communion by j. hudson taylor
the drummer boy by john trowbridge
buchanan's journal of man october 1887 by various
the public orations of demosthenes vol. 1 by demosthenes
the wendigo by algernon blackwood
sylvia's lovers vol. 3 by elizabeth gaskell
the life of jesus christ for the young vol. 3 by richard newton
father payne by arthur christopher benson
christmas banquet (from mosses from an old manse)nathaniel hawthorne
the importance of the proof-reader by john wilson
the centaur by algernon blackwood
archibald malmaison by julian hawthorne
barford abbey by susannah minific gunning
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
the baby's opera by walter crane
odd craft part 9: the persecution of bob pretty by w.w. jacobs
beacon lights of history volume 5 by john lord
barlasch of the guard by h. s. merriman
try and trust by horatio alger jr.
baboo jabberjee b.a. by f. anstey
a columbus of space by garrett p. serviss
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 40
the inside of the cup complete by winston churchill
a discourse upon the origin and the foundation of the
modern italian poets by william dean howells
the house on the beach by george meredith
punchinello vol. 2 no. 39 saturday december 24 1870 by various
homo sum complete by georg ebers
enquire within upon everything by anonymous
the care of books by john willis clark
peter pry's puppet show by unknown
minnie's pet lamb by madeline leslie
roughing it part 6 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
is the young man absalom safe? by david wright
the lost ambassador by e. phillips oppenheim
the camp fire girls at sunrise hall by margaret vandercook
martin hewitt investigator by arthur morrison
herbert carter's legacy by horatio alger jr.
captains all book 4: the constable's move by w. w. jacobs
samantha among the brethren illustrated part 4 by marietta holley
ireland and poland by thomas william rolleston
a night of the nets by amelia e. barr
the adventures of harry richmond vol. 1 by george meredith
what maisie knew by henry james
tom slade by percy k. fitzhugh
the little lady of lagunitas by richard henry savage
the swoop! or how clarence saved england by p. g. wodehouse
courts and criminals by arthur train
the apologia and florida of apuleius of madaura by lucius apuleius
a strange story complete by edward bulwer-lytton
ziska by marie corelli
the story of the heavens by robert stawell ball
the books of the new testament by leighton pullan
bunny brown and his sister sue by laura lee hope
lo michael! by grace livingston hill
life on the mississippi part 11 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
the spectator vol. 2 of 3 issues 203-416 by joseph addison
dogs and all about them by robert leighton
thistle and rose by amy walton
the causes of the rebellion in ireland disclosed by anonymous
the shepherd of the hills by harold bell wright
the buccaneer farmer by harold bindloss
the visioning by susan glaspell
sylvia's lovers vol. 1 by elizabeth gaskell
uncle bernac by arthur conan doyle
the lost child by henry kingsley
a little boy lost by w. h. hudson
brought home by hesba stretton
the four canadian highwaymen by joseph edmund collins
the atlantic monthly vol. 7 no. 43 may 1861 by various
the rover boys at school by arthur m. winfield
crucial instances by edith wharton
hobson's choice by harold brighouse
our old home by nathaniel hawthorne
lover's vows by mrs. inchbald
the wonderful adventures of nils by selma lagerloef
equality by edward bellamy
the isle of unrest by henry seton merriman
the rainbow trail by zane grey
the pony rider boys in the rockies by frank gee patchin
dolly and i by oliver optic
flowers from a persian garden and other papers by w. a. clouston
the story of louis riel: the rebel chief by joseph edmund collins
punch vol. 100 june 6 1891 ed. by sir francis burnand
racketty-packetty house by frances h. burnett
the purple parasol by george barr mccutcheon
modern women and what is said of them by anonymous
punch vol. 102 march 12 1892 ed. by sir francis burnand
the flemmings and flash harry of savait by louis becke
life and adventures of robinson crusoe of york mariner
the late mrs. null by frank richard stockton
captain january by laura e. richards
the pirate's pocket book by dion clayton calthrop
sketches by benjamin disraeli
the banner boy scouts afloat by george a. warren
scientific american supplement no. 362 december 9 1882 by various
the modern scottish minstrel volume vi by various
a chilhowee lily by charles egbert craddock
the cardinal's snuff-box by henry harland
roden's corner by henry seton merriman
the unspeakable perk by samuel hopkins adams
garman and worse by alexander lange kielland
a doctor of the old school part 3 by ian maclaren
hadda padda by godmunder kamban
the cruise of the dry dock by t. s. stribling
narrative and miscellaneous papers by thomas de quincey
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 345 july 1844 vol. 56
madame de treymes by edith wharton
the ordeal of richard feverel vol. 1 by george meredith
christmas eve by robert browning
eric by mrs. s. b. c. samuels
the eagle's shadow by james branch cabell
bob cook and the german spy by paul green tomlinson
the continental classics volume xviii mystery tales by various
the two sides of the shield by charlotte m. yonge
alcestis by euripides
clarissa volume 4 of 9 by samuel richardson
memoirs of the author of a vindication of the rights of woman by godwin
the lion and the mouse by charles klein
the desired woman by will n. harben
warlock o' glenwarlock by george macdonald
the pony rider boys in the ozarks by frank gee patchin
vision of the fountain (from twice told tales)by nathaniel hawthorne
the motor girls by margaret penrose
the sacred formulas of the cherokees by james mooney
great events by famous historians vol. 17 by charles francis horne
the last of the huggermuggers by christopher pierce cranch
notes and queries number 208 october 22 1853 by various
the prose marmion by sara d. jenkins
rhoda fleming vol. 5 by george meredith
boycotted by talbot baines reed
adonais by shelley
early bardic literature ireland by standish o'grady
the boy scouts on sturgeon island by herbert carter
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction
mornings in florence by john ruskin
look back on happiness by knut hamsun
the idler magazine volume iii march 1893 by various
grandma's memories by mary d. brine
pocahontas by virginia carter castleman
the mountain chant a navajo ceremony ed. by washington matthews
kilmeny of the orchard by lucy maud montgomery
philistia by grant allen
nothing to say by q.k. philander doesticks
myths and legends of our own land complete by charles m. skinner
the international magazine volume 2 no. 2 january 1851 by various
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
esther waters by george moore
roger trewinion by joseph hocking and gunning king
the inside of the cup volume 3 by winston churchill
springhaven by r. d. blackmore
kennedy square by f. hopkinson smith
lewie by cousin cicely
the intelligence office (from mosses from an old manse)
madame midas by fergus hume
the compleat cook by w. m.
roman history books 1-3 by titus livius
american eloquence an index of the four volumes by various
a manual of moral philosophy by andrew preston peabody
the boy life of napoleon by eugenie foa
some historical account of guinea by anthony benezet
the tale of sandy chipmunk by arthur scott bailey
the certainty of a future life in mars by l. p. gratacap
chopin: the man and his music by james huneker
hilda wade by grant allen
by pike and dyke by g. a. henty
albert durer by t. sturge moore
as we swept through the deep by gordon stables
the hero by william somerset maugham
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 7 by gustave dore
poison island by arthur thomas quiller-couch (q)
debate on woman suffrage in the senate of the united states
the arabian nights entertainments complete by anonomous
parochial and plain sermons vol. viii (of 8) by john henry newman
the cossacks by leo tolstoy
the minstrel; or the progress of genius by james beattie
the abandoned room by wadsworth camp
poems of the third period by frederich schiller
the world turned upside down by anonymous
on the trail of pontiac by edward stratemeyer
peter the whaler by w.h.g. kingston
rollo's museum by jacob abbott
sir george tressady vol. i by mrs. humphry ward
twenty-two years a slave and forty years a freeman by austin steward
monte-cristo's daughter by edmund flagg
in the great steep's garden by elizabeth madox roberts
punchinello vol. 2 no. 33 november 12 1870 by various
a son of the gods and a horseman in the sky by ambrose bierce
letters from america by rupert brooke
the english utilitarians volume i by leslie stephen
the pretty sister of jose by frances hodgson burnett
the ghost of guir house by charles willing beale
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 2 of 3
the ebbing of the tide by louis becke
the auction block by rex beach
women of modern france by hugo p. thieme
american historical and literary antiquities part 15
the acorn-planter by jack london
harold complete by edward bulwer-lytton
the subterranean brotherhood by julian hawthorne
as to buried treasure and storied waters cliffs and mountains
colonial born by g. firth scott
the custom of the country by francis beaumont and john fletcher
the rover boys out west by arthur m. winfield
the book-bills of narcissus by le gallienne richard
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 13
two little women on a holiday by carolyn wells
true to himself by edward stratemeyer
a quaker sermon 1694 by william penn
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 10
critical miscellanies vol. 2 of 3 essay 3 by john morley
samantha on the woman question by marietta holley
rambles of an archaeologist among old books and in old places
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 1 part 1
pragmatism by d. l. murray
memoirs of general philip h. sheridan vol. 1 part 3
fighting france by edith wharton
the antiquary complete illustrated by sir walter scott
hypatia by charles kingsley
a girl of the people by l. t. meade
madge morton's victory by amy d.v. chalmers
alice's adventures under ground by lewis carroll
the friendships of women by william rounseville alger
the fifth form at saint dominics by talbot baines reed
the vision of hell part 6 by dante alighieri
little saint elizabeth and other stories by frances hodgson burnett
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 22
crowded out! and other sketches by susie f. harrison
the young trail hunters by samuel woodworth cozzens
not george washington by p. g. wodehouse and herbert westbrook
the adventures of dick maitland by harry collingwood
the young outlaw by horatio alger
jack of the pony express by frank v. webster
amarilly of clothes-line alley by belle k. maniates
the celt and saxon vol. 1 by george meredith
the rover boys in the jungle by arthur m. winfield
the wives of the dead by nathaniel hawthorne
darkness and dawn by george allan england
children of the frost by jack london
the guest of quesnay by booth tarkington
tales of the heptameron vol. v. (of v.) by margaret queen of navarre
a book about lawyers by john cordy jeaffreson
treasure and trouble therewith by geraldine bonner
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 5
the mirror of literature amusement and instruction vol. 13
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court part 6 by mark twain
the death of lord nelson by william beatty
footsteps on the road to learning by anonymous
the choise of valentines by thomas nash
submission to divine providence in the death of children by doddridge
study of american beers and ales by l.m. tolman and j. garfield riley
tremendous trifles by g.k. chesterton
narrative of the voyages round the world performed by
antwerp to gallipoli by arthur ruhl
a memoir of john l. motley vol. 1 by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the living link by james de mille
the adventures of tom sawyer part 1 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
in the heart of the vosges by matilda betham-edwards
l'assommoir by emile zola
peeps at many lands: belgium by george w. t. omond
the incomplete amorist by e. nesbit
the life of st. mochuda of lismore by saint mochuda
the bride of fort edward by delia bacon
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 87 january 1865 by various
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 7
american historical and literary antiquities part 13
umboo the elephant by howard r. garis
verses and rhymes by the way by nora pembroke
stories worth rereading by various
a calendar of sonnets by helen hunt jackson
an amiable charlatan by e. phillips oppenheim
a sportsman's sketches by ivan turgenev
philippine folklore stories by john maurice miller
sam's chance by horatio alger
lives of the poets vol. 1 by samuel johnson
sketches new and old part 4 by mark twain
the three cities trilogy: paris vol. 2 by mile zola
a modern chronicle volume 1 by winston churchill
letters of a traveller by william cullen bryant
the light shines in darkness by leo tolstoy
the vision of hell part 9 by dante alighieri
beacon lights of history volume 14 by john lord
the cruise of the esmeralda by harry collingwood
the story of sonny sahib by sara jeannette duncan
along the rocky range by charles m. skinner
the gilded age part 2 by mark twain & charles dudley warner
fiat money inflation in france by andrew dickson white
fairy tales of the slav peasants and herdsmen by alexander chodsko
forest and frontiers by roualeyn gordon-cumming
the colonial mortuary bard and others by louis becke
eight illustrations to shakespeare's tempest by walter crane
the forest lovers by maurice hewlett
life on the mississippi part 1 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
mozart: the man and the artist as revealed in his own words
stories by english authors: orient by various
old mother west wind by thornton w. burgess
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 6
a second book of operas by henry edward krehbiel
the diary of samuel pepys october 1666
memoirs of extraordinary popular delusions by charles mackay
serge panine vols. 1-4 by georges ohnet
a yorkshire tragedy by william shakespeare
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 3
the dominion of the air by j. m. bacon
the life and perambulations of a mouse by dorothy kilner
long live the king by mary roberts rinehart
dynevor terrace vol. 2 by charlotte m. yonge
drift from two shores by bret harte
a new voyage to carolina by john lawson
the bobbsey twins in the country by laura lee hope
the sketch book of geoffrey crayon gent. by washington irving
the heritage of the desert by zane grey
why go to college? an address by alice freeman palmer
the birds by aristophanes
the souls of black folk by w. e. b. du bois
the magic egg and other stories by frank stockton
masterman ready by captain marryat
the complete pg works of oliver wendell holmes sr.
twilight land by howard pyle
the freelands by john galsworthy
greyfriars bobby by eleanor atkinson
the well at the world's end by william morris
the second jungle book by rudyard kipling
my antonia by willa cather
eight years' wandering in ceylon by samuel white baker
the tavern knight by rafael sabatini
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vols. 1-7
the freedom of life by annie payson call
thoughts on man his nature etc by william godwin
the life of gen. francis marion by mason locke weems
adieu by honore de balzac
jo's boys by louisa may alcott
paul and virginia by bernardin de saint pierre
cobb's anatomy by irvin s. cobb
the conquest of new france: a chronicle of the colonial wars
the mariner of st malo by s. leacock
speaking of operations-- by irvin s. cobb
the light of egypt vol. 2 by henry o. wagner
maggie: a girl of the streets by stephen crane
the black-bearded barbarian by marion keith
reminiscences of captain gronow by captain rees howell gronow
jeanne of the marshes by e. phillips oppenheim
count bunker by j. storer clouston
the first men in the moon by h. g. wells
the secret of the night by gaston leroux
the complete works of artemus ward part 2
the diary of samuel pepys january 1668
personal memoirs of u. s. grant vol. 2
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 3
a forgotten empire: vijayanagar; a contribution to the history
conscience vol. 1 by hector malot
the go ahead boys and the racing motorboat by ross kay
idylls of the king by alfred lord tennyson
fromont and risler vol. 4 by alphonse daudet
conscience vol. 4 by hector malot
essays vol. 6 of 19 by michel de montaigne
fromont and risler vol. 3 by alphonse daudet
the playboy of the western world by j. m. synge
the case of the pool of blood in the pastor's study by augusta groner
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
the country house by john galsworthy
a cumberland vendetta by john fox jr
froudacity by j. j. thomas
the way to peace by margaret deland
vanity fair by william makepeace thackeray
the road to providence by maria thompson davies
mohammed ali and his house by louise muhlbach
the ruby of kishmoor by howard pyle
the decameron vol. 1 by giovanni boccaccio
what diantha did by charlotte perkins gilman
twice-told tales by nathaniel hawthorne
tacitus on germany by tacitus
diary of a pedestrian in cashmere and thibet by william henry knight
indian why stories by frank bird linderman
howards end by e. m. forster
the riverman by stewart edward white
the british barbarians by grant allen
paul prescott's charge by horatio alger
pygmalion by george bernard shaw
the complete poetical works of henry wadsworth longfellow
the thirty-nine steps by john buchan
a protegee of jack hamlin's and other stories by bret harte
true stories about dogs and cats by eliza lee cabot follen
pierre and jean by guy de maupassant
a knight of the cumberland by john fox jr.
a romance of youth vol. 2 by francois coppee
sidelights on astronomy by simon newcomb
the wandering jew book 11 by eugene sue
songs of the ridings by f. w. moorman
dona perecta by b. perez galdos
the alkahest by honore de balzac
a complete account of the settlement at port jackson by watkin tench
renascence and other poems by edna st. vincent millay
under the red robe by stanley weyman
the whirlpool by george gissing
the voyage out by virginia woolf
new poems by francis thompson
who was who: 5000 b. c. to date by anonymous
the wandering jew book 5 by eugene sue
the patchwork girl of oz by l. frank baum
other people's money by emile gaboriau
the heritage of dedlow marsh and other tales by bret harte
moran of the lady letty by frank norris
the facts concerning the recent carnival of crime
the adventure of the bruce-partington plans by arthur conan doyle
the naturewoman by upton sinclair
a laodicean a story of today by thomas hardy
the island pharisees by john galsworthy
the rifle and the hound in ceylon by samuel white baker
origins of contemporary france vol. 4 of 6 by hippolyte a. taine
by reef and palm louis becke
daphne an autumn pastoral by margaret sherwood
the absentee by maria edgeworth
essays vol. 12 of 19 by michel de montaigne
greenmantle by john buchan
life of william carey by george smith
paul kelver by jerome klapka (aka jerome k. jerome)
undine by friedrich de la motte fouque
the grain of dust by david graham phillips
david crockett: his life and adventures by john s. c. abbott
elinor wyllys vol. 2 by susan fenimore cooper
essays of francis bacon
heartsease by charlotte m. yonge
the power of concentration by theron q. dumont
the legend of sleepy hollow by washington irving
morning star by h. rider haggard
the diary of samuel pepys
the man of letters as a man of business by william dean howells
grandfather's chair by nathaniel hawthorne
love among the chickens by p. g. wodehouse
high history of the holy graal by unknown
divine comedy paradise by dante alighieri
twelve stories and a dream by h. g. wells
the prisoner of zenda by anthony hope
the cruise of the cachalot by frank t. bullen
the wandering jew book 8 by eugene sue
the conditions of existence as affecting the perpetuation of
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1661
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1662
shakespeare's sonnets by william shakespeare
child christopher by william morris
orthodoxy by g. k. chesterton
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1666
the wandering jew book 7 by eugene sue
thyrza by george gissing
the narrative of sojourner truth
henry iv part 1 by william shakespeare
the woman-haters by joseph c. lincoln
the soul of the far east by percival lowell
culture and anarchy by matthew arnold
the reign of law by james lane allen
the patrician by john galsworthy
childhood by leo tolstoy
a distinguished provincial at paris by honore de balzac
tales from two hemispheres by hjalmar hjorth boysen
the queen of hearts by wilkie collins
little novels by wilkie collins
androcles and the lion by george bernard shaw
summer in a garden and calvin a study of character
tom swift and his air glider by victor appleton
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 9 of 21 last stage of
latter-day pamphlets by thomas carlyle
tish the chronicle of her escapades and excursions
how to tell a story and others by mark twain
cambridge neighbors by william dean howells
private life of napoleon vol. 11 by constant premier valet de chambre
in defense of harriet shelley by mark twain
dreams by olive schreiner
tom sawyer detective by mark twain
the idiot by fyodor dostoyevsky
cosmopolis vol. 1 by paul bourget
manners and monuments of prehistoric peoples by the marquis
the jungle book by rudyard kipling
roughing it complete by mark twain
file no. 113 by emile gaboriau
julius caesar by william shakespeare
tarzan and the jewels of opar by edgar rice burroughs
pillars of society by henrik ibsen
ismailia by samuel white baker
enoch arden &c. by alfred tennyson
the champdoce mystery by emile gaboriau
the adventures of tom sawyer complete by mark twain
our friend the charlatan by george gissing
kilo by ellis parker butler
rivers to the sea by sara teasdale
the pagan tribes of borneo by charles hose and william mcdougall
child of a century vol. 1 by alfred de musset
the gilded age complete by mark twain and charles dudley warner
five thousand an hour by george randolph chester
cinq mars vol. 3 by alfred de vigny
the story of an african farm by olive schreiner
a christmas carol a ghost story of christmas by charles dickens
zibeline vol. 3 by phillipe de massa
ion by plato
the people for whom shakespeare wrote by charles dudley warner
the golden chersonese and the way thither by isabella l. bird
wisdom and destiny by maurice maeterlinck
the scouts of the valley by joseph a. altsheler
the captain of the pole-star and other tales by arthur conan doyle
gulliver of mars by edwin l. arnold
memoirs of napoleon vol. 2 by louis antoine fauvelet
wheels of chance and bicycling idyll by h.g. wells
madame chrysantheme vol. 2 by pierre loti
the amazing interlude by mary roberts rinehart
essays vol. 11 of 19 by michel de montaigne
miss billy by eleanor h. porter
barlaam and ioasaph by st. john of damascus
he fell in love with his wife by edward p. roe
rewards and fairies by rudyard kipling
active service by stephen crane
kwaidan by lafcadio hearn
tono bungay by h. g. wells
a spirit in prison by robert hichens
the good soldier by ford madox ford
michael by e. f. benson
mother by kathleen norris
herodias by gustave flaubert
in the year of jubilee by george gissing
chastelard by algernon charles swinburne
the brown fairy book by various
the wrecker by robert louis stevenson and lloyd osbourne
i and my chimney by herman melville
the lost city by joseph e. badger jr.
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 3 by gustave droz
the heart-cry of jesus by byron j. rees
the parasite by arthur conan doyle
mary barton by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
njal's saga by unknown
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 16 of 16 by unknown
by the ionian sea by george gissing
the cruise of the jasper b. by don marquis
the theory of the leisure class by thorstein veblen
the different forms of flowers on plants of the same species
autobiography of a quack and the case of george dedlow by s. w. mitchell
the little white bird by j. m. barrie
mary-'gusta by joseph c. lincoln
pigs is pigs by ellis parker butler
house of mirth by edith wharton
havoc by e. philips oppenheim
the adventures of sherlock holmes by arthur conan doyle
the jimmyjohn boss and other stories by owen wister
history of the impeachment of andrew johnson president
the foolish virgin by thomas dixon
the vision spendid by william macleod raine
lorna doone a romance of exmoor by r. d. blackmore
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 1 of 16 by unknown
the twins of table mountain by bret harte
studies from court and cloister by j. m. stone
literary taste by arnold bennett
the hated son by honore de balzac
the purcell papers vol. 2 of 3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
backlog studies by charles dudley warner
historic girls by e. s. brooks
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 15 of 21 second silesian
dark lady of the sonnets by george bernard shaw
the turmoil a novel by booth tarkington
mrs. korner sins her mercies by jerome k. jerome
war and the future by h. g. wells
american literary centers by william dean howells
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 3
westward ho! by charles kingsley
sonnets to sundry notes of music by william shakespeare
some anomalies of the short story by william dean howells
liber amoris or the new pygmalion by william hazlitt
the japanese twins by lucy fitch perkins
colonel chabert by honore de balzac
the wandering jew book 2 by eugene sue
an introduction to chemical science by r. p. williams
tarzan of the apes by edgar rice burroughs
editorials from the hearst newspapers by arthur brisbane
letters to his son 1749 by the earl of chesterfield
the purcell papers vol. 1 of 3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
tenniel illustrations for alice in wonderland by sir john tenniel
the elixir of life by honore de balzac
heimskringla or the chronicle of the kings of norway by snorri sturluson
the machine by upton sinclair
dreams by jerome k. jerome
a selection from the lyrical poems of robert herrick by robert herrick
love-at-arms by rafael sabatini
the lure of the labrador wild by dillon wallace
beulah by augusta j. evans
religio medici hydriotaphia et al by thomas browne
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 14 of 21 the surrounding
derrick vaughan--novelist by edna lyall
alexander's bridge and the barrel organ by willa cather and alfred noyes
cabin fever by b. m. bower
the guardian angel by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the nature faker by richard harding davis
man and superman by george bernard shaw
twenty years at hull house by jane addams
the count of monte cristo by alexandre dumas pere
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 10 of 16 by unknown
the prospector by ralph connor
the star of gettysburg by joseph a. altsheler
mutual aid by kniaz' petr alekseevich kropotkin
travellers' stories by eliza lee cabot follen
the red acorn by john mcelroy
the railway children by e. nesbit
when god laughs and other stories by jack london
the cook's decameron: a study in taste by mrs. w. g. waters
mr. crewe's career book 1 by the american novelist
east lynne by mrs. henry wood
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 5
the admirable crichton by j. m. barrie
arcadian adventures with the idle rich by stephen leacock
henry v by william shakespeare
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 8 of 21 crown-prince
lamia by john keats
the wrong box by robert louis stevenson and lloyd osbourne
misalliance by george bernard shaw
great catherine by george bernard shaw
the silent bullet by arthur b. reeve
the story of a bad boy by thomas bailey aldrich
the valiant runaways by gertrude atherton
the law and the lady by wilkie collins
the son of the wolf by jack london
the children of the night by edwin arlington robinson
a theological-political treatise part 4 by benedict of spinoza
the lock and key library stories of modern french novels
a week on the concord and merrimack rivers by henry david thoreau
the blue moon by laurence housman
david copperfield by charles dickens
the lion and the unicorn and other stories by richard harding davis
a thief in the night by e. w. hornung
private life of napoleon vol. 8 by constant premier valet de chambre
at the foot of the rainbow by gene stratton-porter
the interpreters of genesis and the interpreters of nature
the wisdom of father brown by g. k. chesterton
the second funeral of napoleon by william makepeace thackeray
a heap o' livin' by edgar a. guest
over the teacups by oliver wendell holmes sr.
gala-days by abigail dodge hamilton
poems by george p. morris
jude the obscure by thomas hardy
the diary of samuel pepys december 1666
life is a dream by pedro calderon de la barca
evangeline by henry wadsworth longfellow
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 4 of 16 by unknown
the story of my heart by richard jefferies
the shadow line by joseph conrad
white knight: tirant lo blanc by joanot martorell
letters from high latitudes by the marquess of dufferin
the hound of the baskervilles by arthur conan doyle
lincoln's first inaugural address march 4
the economist by xenophon
the land of little rain by mary austin
five children and it by e. nesbit
memoirs of napoleon vol. 7 by louis antoine fauvelet
caught in the net by emile gaboriau
a history of science vol. 3 by henry smith williams
preface to androcles and the lion by george bernard shaw
lucile by owen meredith
cousin betty by honore de balzac
little britain by washington irving
the man of destiny by george bernard shaw
in a hollow of the hills by bret harte
essay on the trial by jury by lysander spooner
o pioneers! by willa cather
far from the madding crowd by thomas hardy
origins of contemporary france vol. 3 of 6 by hippolyte a. taine
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 4
the professor by currer bell
the return of sherlock holmes by arthur conan doyle
sir francis drake's famous voyage round the world by francis pretty
geological observations on south america by charles darwin
seventeen by booth tarkington
origins of contemporary france vol. 6 of 6 by hippolyte a. taine
the grand canyon of arizona by george w. james
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 2 of 21 brandenburg
every man in his humour by ben jonson
the ivory child by h. rider haggard
democracy in america vol. 1 of 2 by alexis de toqueville
the lady of blossholme by h. rider haggard
lilith by george macdonald
miss billy's decision by eleanor h. porter
the three partners by bret harte
o'flaherty v. c. by george bernard shaw
arizona sketches by joseph a. munk
the diary of samuel pepys august 1667
adventures of paddy the beaver by thornton w.burgess
the master key by l. frank baum
two poets by honore de balzac
the judgment house by sir gilbert parker
antonina by wilkie collins
the shame of motley by raphael sabatini
henry iv part 2 by william shakespeare
phil the fiddler by horatio alger jr.
the circus boys on the mississippi by edgar b. p. darlington
songs merry and sad by john charles mcneill
out of the triangle by mary e. bamford
the ethics part 3 by benedict de spinoza
the moonstone by wilkie collins
a woodland queen vol. 3 by andre theuriet
'hell fer sartain' and other stories by john fox jr.
the parent's assistant by maria edgeworth
the mahatma and the hare by h. rider haggard
peacock pie a book of rhymes by walter de la mare
the diary of samuel pepys april 1668
the sisters' tragedy by thomas bailey aldrich
dream life and real life by olive schreiner
the ghetto and other poems by lola ridge
the governess by sarah fielding
the conflict by david graham phillips
the diary of samuel pepys may 1668
the lady or the tiger? by frank r. stockton
a lady's life in the rocky mountains by isabella l. bird
private life of napoleon vol. 12 by constant premier valet de chambre
great astronomers by r. s. ball
under two flags by ouida
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1663
lincoln's yarns and stories by alexander k. mcclure
the life and opinions of tristram shandy gentleman by laurence sterne
the sea fairies by l. frank baum
uncle josh's punkin centre stories by cal stewart
pierrette by honore de balzac
a man of business by honore de balzac
the golden dog by william kirby
the ballad of the white horse by g. k. chesterton
wanderings among south sea savages & in borneo and the philippines
the diary of samuel pepys october 1667
the mayflower and her log vol. 1 by azel ames
the new mcguffey first reader by william holmes mcguffey
a hazard of new fortunes part 3 by william dean howells
nada the lily by h. rider haggard
edison his life and inventions by frank lewis dyer
the natural history of selborne by gilbert white
the choir invisible by james lane allen
essays vol. 5 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the second thoughts of an idle fellow by jerome k. jerome
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 15 of 16 by unknown
the albert n'yanza great basin of the nile by samuel white baker
moby dick; or the whale by herman melville
our mutual friend by charles dickens
the muse of the department by honore de balzac
love-songs of childhood by eugene field
the shuttle by frances hodgson burnett
the foreigner a tale of saskatchewan by ralph connor
song & legend from the middle ages by william d. mcclintock
the trimmed lamp etc. by o. henry
science and health with key to the scriptures by mary baker eddy
the lost princess of oz by baum
christopher columbus vol. 2 by filson young
religious and moral poems by phillis wheatley
the phantom of the opera by gaston leroux
a tale of two cities by charles dickens
from sand hill to pine by bret harte
a tale of three lions by h. rider haggard
old indian legends by zitkala-sa
essays vol. 3 of 19 by michel de montaigne
back home by eugene wood
in the reign of terror by g. a. henty
the story of little black sambo and the story of
memoirs of p. h. sheridan complete by general philip henry sheridan
the man in lower ten by mary roberts rinehart
the doctor; a tale of the rockies by ralph connor
poems by adam lindsay gordon
treasure island by robert louis stevenson
essays vol. 7 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the man that corrupted hadleyburg and other stories by mark twain
stories by english authors: scotland by various
life in the iron-mills by rebecca harding davis
the diary of samuel pepys april & may 1661
the yellow fairy book by various
cabbages and kings by o. henry
rebecca mary by annie hamilton donnell
the new magdalen by wilkie collins
the pool in the desert by sara jeanette duncan
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1663
baby mine by margaret mayo
dombey and son by charles dickens
a woodland queen vol. 2 by andre theuriet
colonel starbottle's client and other stories by bret harte
nan sherwood at pine camp by annie roe carr
the three musketeers by alexandre dumas pere
the lost continent by c. j. cutcliffe hyne
ferragus by honore de balzac
correspondence of wagner and liszt vol. 1
abraham lincoln and the union: a chronicle of the embattled north
typhoon by joseph conrad
the enchanted island of yew by l. frank baum
bab: a sub-deb by mary roberts rinehart
the unclassed by george gissing
henry clay's remarks in house and senate
the magic skin by honore de balzac
private life of napoleon vol. 7 by constant premier valet de chambre
history of the catholic church from the renaissance
the underground city by jules verne
justice by john galsworthy
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1663
new chronicles of rebecca by kate douglas wiggin
the white people by frances hodgson burnett
a doll's house by henrik ibsen
fortunes and misfortunes of the famous moll flanders by daniel defoe
the life of christopher columbus from his own letters and journals
the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde by robert louis stevenson
a first family of tasajara by bret harte
spanish prisoners of war by william dean howells
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1662
mazelli and other poems by george w. sands
the hymns and small cathechism of martin luther
the fall of the niebelungs by unknown
penguin island by anatole france
tales from shakespeare by charles and mary lamb
the invention of a new religion by basil hall chamberlain
the black dwarf by sir walter scott
the wandering jew book 1 by eugene sue
floor games by h. g. wells
the complete essays of john galsworthy
where there's a will by mary roberts rinehart
an iceland fisherman by pierre loti
the getting of wisdom by henry handel richardson
on the firing line by anna chapin ray and hamilton brock fuller
simon the jester by william j. locke
quo vadis a narrative of the time of nero by henryk sienkiewicz
goldsmith's friend abroad again by mark twain
phyllis of philistia by frank frankfort moore
ragged lady complete by william dean howells
the goodness of st. rocque and other stories by alice dunbar
the road to oz by l. frank baum
sonnets from the portuguese by elizabeth barrett browning
the memoirs of general philip henry sheridan vol. 1
notes from the underground by feodor dostoevsky
the diary of samuel pepys march 1664
original short stories vol. 12 of 13 by guy de maupassant
history of the warfare of science with theology in christendom
travels through france & italy by tobias smollett
the awakening and selected short stories by kate chopin
the princess aline by richard harding davis
divine comedy purgatory by dante alighieri
the winters tale by william shakespeare
the diary of samuel pepys december 1664
amy foster by joseph conrad
laddie by gene stratton porter
the last of the plainsmen by zane grey
baron trigault's vengeance vol. 2 of 2 by emile gaboriau
the french twins by lucy fitch perkins
egypt (la mort de philae) by pierre loti
table-talk william hazlitt
literary friends by william dean howells
jezebel's daughter by wilkie collins
my bondage and my freedom by frederick douglass
a new england girlhood by lucy larcom
getting gold by j. c. f. johnson
jewel by clara louise burnham
lincoln's gettysburg address given november 19
lives of the noble grecians and romans by plutarch
indian heroes and great chieftains by charles a. eastman
hans huckebein by wilhelm busch
hard cash by charles reade
prince hagen by upton sinclair
at suvla bay by john hargrave
saunterings by charles dudley warner
an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations
private life of napoleon vol. 1 by constant premier valet de chambre
the lost road by richard harding davis
white lies by charles reade
the hunting of the snark by lewis carroll
the man who was thursday by g. k. chesterton
tik-tok of oz by l. frank baum
anarchism and other essays by emma goldman
maitre cornelius by honore de balzac
memoirs of napoleon vol. 10 by louis antoine fauvelet
a history of science vol. 1 by henry smith williams
the conquest of peru by william h. prescott
moby dick by herman melville
the yellow god by h. rider haggard
the emerald city of oz by l. frank baum
the complete poetical works of oliver goldsmith
knights of art by amy steedman
the fitz-boodle papers by william makepeace thackeray
good indian by b. m. bower
the last of the mohicans by james fenimore cooper
the brother of daphne by dornford yates
laughter by henri bergson
betty zane by zane grey
the ruling passion by henry van dyke
the dhammapada by unknown
a hazard of new fortunes part 1 by william dean howells
little songs by eliza lee follen
a daughter of eve by honore de balzac
paradise regained by john milton
aeroplanes by j. s. zerbe
trooper peter halket of mashonaland by olive schreiner
chronicle of the conquest of granada by washington irving
the sign of the four by arthur conan doyle
letters to his son 1750 by the earl of chesterfield
adam bede by george eliot
a briefe and true report of the new found land of virginia
the light of western stars by zane grey
dorothy and the wizard in oz by l. frank baum
how he lied to her husband by george bernard shaw
the four million by o. henry
a start in life by honore de balzac
john halifax gentleman by dinah maria mulock craik
cinq mars vol. 2 by alfred de vigny
the deliverance by ellen glasgow
the new revelation by arthur conan doyle
sidney lanier by edwin mims
the oakdale affair by edgar rice burroughs
tom swift and his submarine boat by victor appleton
ben-hur: a tale of the christ by lew wallace
monsieur lecoq vol. 1 the investigator by emile gaboriau
every man out of his humour by ben jonson
running a thousand miles for freedom by william and ellen craft
the diary of samuel pepys march 1667
nuttie's father by charlotte m. yonge
the spirit of the border by zane grey
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 4 of 21 friedrich's
history of the mackenzies by alexander mackenzie
the indeterminate sentence by charles dudley warner
the mysterious stranger and other stories by mark twain
in a german pension by katherine mansfield
lady bridget in the never-never land by rosa praed
as you like it by william shakespeare
memoirs of napoleon vol. 12 by louis antoine fauvelet
the mayor of casterbridge by thomas hardy
albert savarus by honore de balzac
herodes und mariamne by fredrick hebbel
volcanic islands by charles darwin
best historical novels and tales by jonathan nield
private life of napoleon vol. 9 by constant premier valet de chambre
mr. crewe's career book 3 by the american novelist
the koran
chronicles of avonlea by lucy maud montgomery
the vicar of wakefield by oliver goldsmith
the wife and other stories by anton chekhov
the story of wellesley by florence converse
the complete works of artemus ward part 5
memoirs of the comtesse du barry by baron etienne leon lamothe-langon
the merry wives of windsor by william shakespeare
the wonderful wizard of oz by l. frank baum
the little shepherd of kingdom come by john fox
adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain
essays vol. 10 of 19 by michel de montaigne
jeff briggs's love story by bret harte
burning daylight by jack london
the lodger by marie belloc lowndes
thankful blossom by bret harte
the rose and the ring by william makepeace thackeray
a boy's will robert frost
mark twain's speeches
out of time's abyss by edgar rice burroughs
fashions in literature by charles dudley warner
five weeks in a balloon by jules verne
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1660
little dorrit by charles dickens
the phantom 'rickshaw and other ghost stories by rudyard kipling
trent's trust and other stories by bret harte
those extraordinary twins by mark twain
proposed roads to freedom by bertrand russell
studies of lowell by william dean howells
the land of the changing sun by william n. harben
in the days of the comet by h. g. wells
miscellanies upon various subjects by john aubrey
alice's adventures in wonderland by lewis carroll
the leavenworth case by anna katharine green
painted windows by elia w. peattie
the life of francis marion by w. gilmore simms
the valley of the moon by jack london
heidi by johanna spyri
a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court complete by mark twain
stories in light and shadow by bret harte
the common law by oliver wendell holmes jr.
stories of a western town by octave thanet
the eureka stockade by carboni raffaello
uncle tom's cabin by harriet beecher stowe
a mountain woman by elia w. peattie
other things being equal by emma wolf
under western eyes by joseph conrad
narratives of new netherland 1609-1664 by various
the soul of the indian by charles a. eastman
hiram the young farmer by burbank l. todd
arsene lupin by edgar jepson & maurice leblanc
god-idea of the ancients by eliza burt gamble
on the track by henry lawson
the land of footprints by stewart edward white
foul play by charles reade and dion boucicault
astoria by washington irving
prince zilah vol. 1 by jules claretie
the circus boys on the flying rings by edgar b. p. darlington
nostromo: a tale of the seaboard by joseph conrad
literary boston by william dean howells
the poems of emma lazarus vol. 2
the great god pan by arthur machen
captain fracasse by theophile gautier
tom swift and his giant cannon by victor appleton
the vanished messenger by e. phillips oppenheim
my lady caprice by jeffrey farnol
bel ami by henri rene guy de maupassant
no name by wilkie collins
adventures of major gahagan by william makepeace thackeray
just folks by edgar a. guest
dubliners by james joyce
pride and prejudice by jane austen
fanny herself by edna ferber
new burlesques by bret harte
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 4
gobseck by honore de balzac
the city of domes by john d. barry
democracy in america vol. 2 of 2 by alexis de toqueville
eight cousins by louisa m. alcott
the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde by robert louis stevenson
the true story of christopher columbus by elbridge s. brooks
jacqueline vol. 1 by marie-therese blanc
the cost of kindness by jerome k. jerome
before adam by jack london
the price she paid by david graham phillips
robert falconer by george macdonald
the lone star ranger by zane grey
acres of diamonds by russell h. conwell
my young alcides by charlotte m. yonge
the fugitive by john galsworthy
democracy and education by john dewey
the red badge of courage by stephen crane
america through the spectacles of an oriental diplomat by wu tingfang
the case of the registered letter by augusta groner
le mort d'arthur vol. 2 by thomas malory
inn of tranquility and other essays by john galsworthy
corporal cameron of the northwest mounted police by ralph connor
federalist papers by alexander hamilton john jay and james madison
the golden bowl vol. 2 by henry james
a modest proposal by jonathan swift
the south pole vol. 1 by roald amundsen
all's well that ends well by william shakespeare
the emancipated by george gissing
the merchant of venice by william shakespeare
the land that time forgot by edgar rice burroughs
myths and myth-makers by john fiske
the egoist by george meredith
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 1 by lewis goldsmith
essays vol. 9 of 19 by michel de montaigne
select poems of sidney lanier
the princess and the curdie by george macdonald
the lock and key library classic mystery and detective stories
the student's elements of geology by charles lyell
her prairie knight by b. m. sinclair
the profits of religion by upton sinclair
the gaming table: its votaries and victims by andrew steinmetz
miss civilization by richard harding davis
the mirror of kong ho by ernest bramah
the love affairs of a bibliomaniac by eugene field
original short stories vol. 11 of 13 by guy de maupassant
poor and proud by oliver optic
red pepper burns by grace s. richmond
the cash boy by horatio alger jr
ponkapog papers by thomas bailey aldrich
the cricket on the hearth by charles dickens
some cities and san francisco and resurgam by hubert howe bancroft
samantha at saratoga by josiah allen's wife
joe the hotel boy by horatio alger jr
the chinese boy and girl by isaac taylor headland
arizona nights by stewart edward white
character by samuel smiles
the jungle by upton sinclair
leviathan by thomas hobbes
the diary of samuel pepys august 1668
imperial purple by edgar saltus
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 8
louis lambert by honore de balzac
our nig by harriet e. wilson
five tales by john galsworthy
the ink-stain vol. 2 by rene bazin
the ebb-tide by robert louis stevenson and lloyde osbourne
my garden acquaintance by james russell lowell
dream days by kenneth grahame
waifs and strays by o. henry
tamburlaine the great part 2 by christopher marlowe
the two destinies by wilkie collins
sally dows and other stories by bret harte
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 2
clarence by bret harte
court life in china by isaac taylor headland
major barbara by george bernard shaw
memoirs of napoleon vol. 9 by louis antoine fauvelet
cosmopolis vol. 2 by paul bourget
jean of the lazy a by b. m. bower
the shape of fear by elia w. peattie
japanese fairy tales by yei theodora ozaki
the yellow crayon by e. phillips oppenheim
the autobiography of benvenuto cellini
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 1 by gustave droz
the adventures of gerard by arthur conan doyle
an anthology of australian verse by bertram stevens
the disappearance of lady frances carfax by arthur conan doyle
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 3
elsie venner by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the story of the treasure seekers by e. nesbit
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 13 of 16 by unknown
paradise lost by john milton
venus and adonis by william shakespeare
giordano bruno by walter pater
a vanished arcadia by r. b. cunninghame graham
a lady's visit to the gold diggings of australia in 1852-53
initials only by anna katharine green
an introduction to yoga by annie besant
rolling stones by o.henry
tom swift among the diamond makers by victor appleton
dora thorne by charlotte m. braeme
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 4
the man from glengarry a tale of the ottowa by ralph connor
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 4
on the economy of machinery and manufactures by charles babbage
private life of napoleon vol. 4 by constant premier valet de chambre
a millionaire of yesterday by e. phillips oppenheim
history of the conflict between religion and science
certain diversities of american life by charles dudley warner
second shetland truck system report by william guthrie
the nether world by george gissing
the witch and other stories by anton chekhov
the silver box by john galsworthy
vikram and the vampire by richard f. burton
a little princess by frances hodgson burnett
the complete works of william shakespeare
the circus boys across the continent by edgar b. p. darlington
the time machine by h. g. wells
extracts from adam's diary by mark twain
memoirs of napoleon vol. 8 by louis antoine fauvelet
the variation of animals and plants under domestication vol. 2
the kreutzer sonata and other stories by leo tolstoi
eight hundred leagues on the amazon by jules verne
the autobiography of benjamin franklin
the final diary of samuel pepys january through may 1669
wyndham towers by thomas bailey aldrich
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vols. 1-7
such is life by tom collins
prester john by john buchan
sir nigel by arthur conan doyle
fabre poet of science by c. v. legros
candida by george bernard shaw
criticisms on the origin of species by thomas h. huxley
stories by english authors: italy by various
in darkest england and the way out by general booth
the poet at the breakfast table by oliver wendell holmes sr.
private life of napoleon vol. 6 by constant premier valet de chambre
the scapegoat by hall caine
memoirs of napoleon vol. 14 by louis antoine fauvelet
the night-born by jack london
the case of the pocket diary found in the snow by augusta groner
tartarin of tarascon by alphonse daudet
selections from the speeches and writings of edmund burke
the barrier by rex beach
haydn by j. cuthbert hadden
the harvester by gene stratton porter
the dragon and the raven by g. a. henty
the innocence of father brown by g. k. chesterton
sir thomas more by william shakespeare
the devil's dictionary by ambrose bierce
fisherman's luck by henry van dyke
the illustrious gaudissart by honore de balzac
robur the conqueror by jules verne
the lesser bourgeoisie by honore de balzac
the master of the world by jules verne
the sorrows of young werther by johann wolfgang von goethe
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 11 of 16 by unknown
grimms' fairy tales by the brothers grimm
the enchanted castle by e. nesbit
new grub street by george gissing
an historical mystery by honore de balzac
yvette by henri rene guy de maupassant
the diary of samuel pepys november 1667
a history of the nations and empires involved and a study of the
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 5
the lure of the dim trails by b. m. bower
last days in a dutch hotel by william dean howells
northanger abbey by jane austen
the atheist's mass by honore de balzac
from this world to the next by henry fielding
the complete works of artemus ward part 1
she stoops to conquer by oliver goldsmith
the eskimo twins by lucy fitch perkins
the motor girls on a tour by margaret penrose
mosses from an old manse and other stories by nathaniel hawthorne
the woman in the alcove by anna katharine green
child of a century complete by alfred de musset
poems of emily dickinson series two
the amateur cracksman by e. w. hornung
ivanhoe by walter scott
through the looking-glass by lewis carroll
louisa of prussia and her times by louise muhlbach
the spy by richard harding davis
essays vol. 17 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the diary of samuel pepys august 1665
dick hamilton's airship by howard r. garis
monsieur de camors vol. 2 by octave feuillet
the nile tributaries of abyssinia by samuel w. baker
dot and the kangaroo by ethel pedley
a second home by honore de balzac
kidnapped by robert louis stevenson
emma mcchesney & co. by edna ferber
the diary of samuel pepys july & august 1662
the psychology of beauty by ethel d. puffer
the boys' life of mark twain by albert bigelow paine
a new philosophy: henri bergson by edouard le roy
to-morrow? by victoria cross
abbeychurch by charlotte m. yonge
on the frontier by bret harte
will warburton by george gissing
the life of phineas t. barnum by joel benton
rebecca of sunnybrook farm by kate douglas wiggin
oak openings by james fenimore cooper
the diary of samuel pepys may 1667
the red lily vol. 3 by anatole france
the consul by richard harding davis
fridthjof's saga by esaias tegne'r
the great war syndicate by frank stockton
the brethren by h. rider haggard
the army of the cumberland henry m. cist
michael strogoff by jules verne
frank's campaign by horatio alger jr
the warden by anthony trollope
jonah by louis stone
a journey in other worlds by john jacob astor
tom swift and his wireless message by victor appleton
being a boy by charles dudley warner
the little book of modern verse by various
maruja by bret harte
the marriage contract by honore de balzac
the life and adventures of santa claus by l. frank baum
the inca of perusalem by george bernard shaw
voyage of the paper canoe by nathaniel h. bishop
undine by friedrich de la motte-fouque
armadale by wilkie collins
the firefly of france by marion polk angellotti
mates at billabong by mary grant bruce
paradise lost by john milton
joe wilson and his mates by henry lawson
looking backwards from 2000 to 1887 by edward bellamy
coriolanus by william shakespeare
the voyage of the beagle by charles darwin
never again! by edward carpenter
lemorne versus huell by elizabeth drew stoddard
in homespun by e. nesbit
wyoming a story of the outdoor west by william macleod raine
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 1
first and last things by h. g. wells
the compleat angler by izaak walton
the boys' life of abraham lincoln by helen nicolay
maiwa's revenge by h. rider haggard
the stark munro letters
put yourself in his place by charles reade
the song of the cardinal by gene stratton-porter
the kentons by william dean howells
bird neighbors by neltje blanchan
noto an unexplored corner of japan by percival lowell
his own people by booth tarkington
an unsocial socialist by george bernard shaw
a gentleman of france by stanley weyman
how members of congress are bribed by joseph moore
the agony column by earl derr biggers
eugenie grandet by honore de balzac
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 8 of 16 by unknown
the story of a pioneer by anna howard shaw
the life of st. declan of ardmore by anonymous
a double barrelled detective story by mark twain
andersen's fairy tales by hans christian andersen
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 7
jack and jill by louisa may alcott
a set of six by joseph conrad
last of the great scouts by helen cody wetmore
essays vol. 13 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the wandering jew book 9 by eugene sue
among the tibetans by isabella l. bird
master and man by leo tolstoy
the lost continent by edgar rice burroughs
coniston book 1 by the american novelist and historian
that mainwaring affair by maynard barbour
personal recollections of joan of arc vol. 2 by mark twain
the last stetson by john fox jr.
the expression of emotion in man and animals by charles darwin
cosmopolis vol. 4 by paul bourget
piccolissima by eliza lee cabot follen
mr. crewe's career books 1-4 by the american novelist
the life of john sterling by thomas carlyle
flying u ranch by b. m. bower
thomas jefferson by edward s. ellis
boy scouts in mexico by g. harvey ralphson
the voice of the city by o. henry
boyhood by leo tolstoy
king solomon's mines by h. rider haggard
the virginian by owen wister
up from slavery: an autobiography by booker t. washington
the titan by theodore dreiser
personal memoirs of u. s. grant vol. 1
fraternity by john galsworthy
bucky o'connor by william macleod raine
the gambler by fyodor dostoyevsky
buttered side down by edna ferber
the outlaw of torn by edgar rice burroughs
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 2 of 16 by unknown
10000 dreams interpreted by gustavus hindman miller
sylvie and bruno by lewis carroll
a mountain europa by john fox jr.
two expeditions into the interior of southern australia vol. 1
from the memoirs of a minister of france by stanley weyman
soul of a bishop by h. g. wells
twilight stories by various
jacqueline vols. 1-3 by marie-therese blanc
tales from shakespeare by charles and mary lamb
penelope's english experiences by kate douglas wiggin
la grande breteche by honore de balzac
the collection of antiquities by honore de balzac
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1665
decline of science in england by charles babbage
the tragedy of pudd'nhead wilson by mark twain
joy by john galsworthy
areopagitica by john milton
sisters by ada cambridge
veranilda by george gissing
first visit to new england and others by william dean howells
in defense of women by h. l. mencken
the man against the sky by edwin arlington robinson
the fifth string the conspirators by john philip sousa
the malay archipelago vol. 2 of 2 by alfred russell wallace
return of the native by thomas hardy
kenilworth by sir walter scott
at the mercy of tiberius by augusta evans wilson
the daisy chain or aspirations by charlotte yonge
the elusive pimpernel by baroness emmuska orczy
the gods of mars by edgar rice burroughs
a romance of youth vol. 1 by francois coppee
the valley of decision by edith wharton
somebody's little girl by martha young
idle thoughts of an idle fellow by jerome k. jerome
the blithedale romance by nathaniel hawthorne
something new by p. g. wodehouse
a woman of thirty by honore de balzac
mansfield park by jane austen
cyrano de bergerac by edmond rostand
evolution and ethics and other essays by thomas h. huxley
south sea tales by jack london
the monikins by j. fenimore cooper
the renaissance by walter pater
the day's work part i by rudyard kipling
old indian days by charles a. eastman
coniston book 3 by the american novelist and historian
desert gold by zane grey
the white mr. longfellow by william dean howells
a simple soul by gustave flaubert
the chinese nightingale and other poems by vachel lindsay
the conquest of canaan by booth tarkington
the aeneid by virgil
mae madden by mary murdoch mason
the merry adventures of robin hood by howard pyle
private life of napoleon vol. 5 by constant premier valet de chambre
the king's highway by g. p. r. james
the blazed trail by stewart edward white
stories by english authors: africa by various
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 2 of 5
the civilization of china by herbert a. giles
addresses by henry drummond
preface to major barbara by george bernard shaw
myths and legends of the sioux by marie l. mclaughlin
a romance of youth vol. 4 by francois coppee
the adventure of the red circle by arthur conan doyle
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 2
the innocents abroad complete by mark twain
malbone: an oldport romance by thomas w. higginson
the reception of the 'origin of species' by thomas henry huxley
the san francisco calamity by earthquake and fire
conscience vol. 3 by hector malot
a child's garden of verses by robert louis stevenson
mr. gladstone and genesis by thomas henry huxley
original short stories complete by guy de maupassant
confidence by henry james
the moravians in georgia by adelaide l. fries
father and son by edmund gosse
the history of tom thumb and others by anonymous
private life of napoleon vol. 3 by constant premier valet de chambre
marjorie daw by thomas bailey aldrich
on the improvement of the understanding by baruch spinoza
sarrasine by honore de balzac
titus andronicus by william shakespeare
the bontoc igorot by albert ernest jenks
the heir of redclyffe by charlotte m. yonge
the cloister and the hearth by charles reade
the light that failed by rudyard kipling
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 5 of 16 by unknown
ragged lady part 2 by william dean howells
the memoirs of general w. t. sherman vol. 2 by william t. sherman
the ethics by benedict de spinoza
on horseback by charles dudley warner
found at blazing star by bret harte
a woodland queen vol. 1 by andre theuriet
the quest of the golden girl by richard le gallienne
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 3 of 16 by unknown
editor's relations with the young contributor by william dean howells
the wouldbegoods by e. nesbit
plunkitt of tammany hall by george washington plunkitt
youth by joseph conrad
the secret garden by frances hodgson burnett
the rich mrs. burgoyne by kathleen norris
coniston book 4 by the american novelist and historian
letters of pliny
whirligigs by o. henry
the complete works of plutarch vol. 3 essays and miscellanies
song of the lark by willa cather
otto of the silver hand by howard pyle
middlemarch by george eliot
condensed novels by bret harte
the legends of the jews vol. 4 by louis ginzberg
the violet fairy book by various
tanglewood tales by nathaniel hawthorne
the commonwealth of oceana by james harrington
miss or mrs.? by wilkie collins
ballads by william makepeace thackeray
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1667
chronicles of the canongate by walter scott
the marble faun vol. 2 by nathaniel hawthorne
myths and legends of california and the old southwest
polly of the circus by margaret mayo
the beasts of tarzan by edgar rice burroughs
pellucidar by edgar rice burroughs
coniston books 1-4 by the american novelist and historian
little wars; a game for boys from twelve years of age to
the new book of martyrs by georges duhamel
gaudissart ii by honore de balzac
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 10
gerfaut vol. 1 by charles de bernard
mr. crewe's career book 2 by the american novelist
fromont and risler vol. 2 by alphonse daudet
redgauntlet by sir walter scott
men women and ghosts by amy lowell
the irish race in the past and the present by augustus j. thbaud
the midnight queen by may agnes fleming
the great hunger by johan bojer
australia felix by henry handel richardson
clotelle by william wells brown
tales of aztlan the romance of a hero of our late spanish-
their silver wedding journey part 3 by william dean howells
the mayflower and her log vol. 4 by azel ames
padre ignacio by owen wister
animal heroes by ernest thompson seton
enoch soames by max beerbohm
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 13
under fire by henri barbusse
step by step or tidy's way to freedom by the american tract society
the constitution of the empire of japan 1889
the crime of sylvestre bonnard by anatole france
in the bishop's carriage by miriam michelson
garrison's finish by w. b. m. ferguson
the boys' and girls' plutarch by plutarch
the strolling saint by raphael sabatini
the people that time forgot by edgar rice burroughs
medical essays by oliver wendell holmes sr.
plays and puritans by charles kingsley
the lady from the sea by henrik ibsen
the future of the colored race in america by william aikman
the red fairy book by various
the grand babylon hotel by arnold bennett
the diary of samuel pepys april & may 1664
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 12 of 16 by unknown
webster's unabridged dictionary by noah webster
love and friendship and other early works by jane austen
dear enemy by jean webster
poems by currer ellis and acton bell
tattine by ruth ogden
the mansion by henry van dyke
plain tales from the hills by rudyard kipling
in the wilderness by charles dudley warner
an international episode by henry james
everybody's guide to money matters by william cotton
the oregon trail by francis parkman jr.
the suitors of yvonne by raphael sabatini
heroes every child should know by hamilton wright mabie
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1663
moon of israel by h. rider haggard
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 4
rowdy of the cross l by b. m. sinclair
forty centuries of ink by david n. carvalho
a far country book 3 by the american novelist and historian
a plea for captain john brown by henry david thoreau
early kings of norway by thomas carlyle
the malady of the century by max nordau
the rise of roscoe paine by joseph c. lincoln
at the earth's core by edgar rice burroughs
chita: a memory of last island by lafcadio hearn
ramona by helen hunt jackson
the american claimant by mark twain
defenders of democracy by various
cleopatra by h. rider haggard
around the world in 80 days by jules verne
tom brown's schooldays by thomas hughes
the little lame prince by miss mulock (pseud. of maria dinah craik)
the vicar of tours by honore de balzac
life on the mississippi complete by mark twain
prince zilah vol. 3 by jules claretie
prince zilah vol. 2 by jules claretie
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 3
stories by english authors: london by various
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1666
henry vi part 2 by william shakespeare
kim by rudyard kipling
essays vol. 8 of 19 by michel de montaigne
tom swift and his big tunnel by victor appleton
andersonville by john mcelroy
phantastes by george macdonald
beauty and the beast and tales from home by bayard taylor
a woodland queen vols. 1-3 by andre theuriet
spoon river anthology by edgar lee masters
penrod by booth tarkington
memoirs of mr. charles j. yellowplush by william makepeace thackeray
my three days in gilead by elmer u. hoenshel
the queen of the pirate isle by bret harte
the diary of samuel pepys february 1660
the rosary by florence l. barclay
tom swift and his war tank by victor appleton
the californiacs by inez haynes irwin
the book of snobs by william makepeace thackeray
zibeline vol. 2 by phillipe de massa
main-travelled roads by hamlin garland
the diary of samuel pepys november 1666
bride of lammermoor by sir walter scott
tom swift and his electric runabout by victor appleton
the wolves and the lamb by william makepeace thackeray
the after house by mary roberts rinehart
the peterkin papers by lucretia p. hale
summer by edith wharton
the malefactor by e. phillips oppenheim
bardelys the magnificent by rafael sabatini
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 2
riders of the purple sage by zane grey
a pair of blue eyes by thomas hardy
the black robe by wilkie collins
the second-story man by upton sinclair
ginx's baby a satire by edward jenkins
the filigree ball by anna katharine green
charlotte temple by susanna rowson
the english constitution by walter bagehot
the diary of samuel pepys february 1668
a book of remarkable criminals by h. b. irving
legends and lyrics: second series by adelaide anne procter
the stolen white elephant by mark twain
the war of the worlds by h. g. wells
moonbeams from the larger lunacy by stephen leacock
rise of the new west 1819-1829 by f. j. turner
james otis the pre-revolutionist by j. c. ridpath
the crimson fairy book by andrew lang
the euahlayi tribe a study of aboriginal life in australia
trent's last case by edmund clerihew bentley
under the redwoods by bret harte
a burlesque autobiography by mark twain
the pigeon by john galsworthy
roderick hudson by henry james
a waif of the plains by bret harte
the orange fairy book by unknown
el dorado by baroness orczy
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 2
fall of the house of usher by edgar allan poe
the origin of species by thomas h. huxley
the great stone face by nathaniel hawthorne
memoirs of napoleon vol. 11 by louis antoine fauvelet
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1663
essays vol. 14 of 19 by michel de montaigne
a first year in canterbury settlement by samuel butler
andersonville vol. 3 by john mcelroy
the blue lagoon a romance by h. de vere stacpoole
strife by john galsworthy
wild beasts and their ways vol. 1 by samuel w. baker
the standard household-effect company by william dean howells
mr. jack hamlin's mediation and other stories by bret harte
their silver wedding journey part 2 by william dean howells
ragged lady part 1 by william dean howells
the iliad by homer
disturbances of the heart by oliver t. osborne
piccadilly jim by p. g. wodehouse
the talisman by walter scott
little men by louisa may alcott
the poisoned pen by arthur b. reeve
the elements of geology by w. h. norton
lady susan by jane austen
allan's wife by h. rider haggard
carmen by prosper merimee
the young forester by zane grey
the circular staircase by mary roberts rinehart
romeo and juliet by william shakespeare
the case of the golden bullet by augusta groner
the birds' christmas carol by kate douglas wiggin
massacre at paris by christopher marlowe
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1661
love eternal by h. rider haggard
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 15
actions and reactions by rudyard kipling
the jew of malta by christopher marlowe
gerfaut vol. 3 by charles de bernard
a bit of old china by charles warren stoddard
barchester towers by anthony trollope
the confession of faith by various
massimilla doni by honore de balzac
eve's ransom by george gissing
brazilian sketches by t. b. ray
the bridge-builders by rudyard kipling
the valley of fear by arthur conan doyle
hermione's group of thinkers by don marquis
the gaming table vol. 2 by andrew steinmetz
the day's work vol. 1 by rudyard kipling
the memoirs of victor hugo
the witch of prague by f. marion crawford
phaedo by plato
the federalist papers by alexander hamilton john jay and james madison
atlantis the antediluvian world by ignatius donnelly
the yates pride by mary e. wilkins freeman
the women of the french salons by amelia gere mason
pathology of lying etc. by william and mary healy
honorine by honore de balzac
wonderful balloon ascents by fulgence marion
lays of ancient rome by thomas babbington macaulay
christopher columbus vol. 7 by filson young
on the duty of civil disobedience by henry david thoreau
damaged goods the great play les avaries of eugene brieux
coral reefs by charles darwin
philebus by plato
maurice guest by henry handel richardson
clotelle: a tale of the southern states by william wells brown
the eve of the revolution: a chronicle of the breach with england
the count's millions vol. 1 by emile gaboriau
where angels fear to tread by e. m. forster
the golden fleece by julian hawthorne
stepping heavenward by mrs. e. prentiss
sister carrie by theodore dreiser
monsieur de camors vol. 1 by octave feuillet
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1663
the diary of samuel pepys november 1668
valerius terminus: of the interpretation of nature by francis bacon
conscience vol. 2 by hector malot
the christmas books by m. a. titmarsh
the intrusion of jimmy by p. g. wodehouse
the life of thomas telford by samuel smiles
life and adventures of calamity jane by calamity jane
bob son of battle by alfred ollivant
christopher columbus vol. 1 by filson young
what the animals do and say by eliza lee cabot follen
cinq mars vol. 6 by alfred de vigny
vera by richard harding davis
cyprus as i saw it in 1879 by samuel w. baker
uncle vanya by anton checkov
the puritain widow by william shakespeare
much ado about nothing by william shakespeare
guy mannering by walter scott
deirdre of the sorrows by j. m. synge
zibeline vols. 1-3 by phillipe de massa
at the earth's core by edgar rice burroughs
volpone by ben jonson
the vultures by henry seton merriman
billy baxter's letters by william j. kountz jr.
lady baltimore by owen wister
the golden bowl vol. 1 by henry james
domestic peace by honore de balzac
the bedford-row conspiracy by william makepeace thackeray
frankenstein by mary wollstonecraft (godwin) shelley
sir humphrey gilbert's voyage to newfoundland by edward hayes
the american by henry james
the dutch twins by lucy fitch perkins
that fortune by charles dudley warner
alonzo fitz and other stories by mark twain
the light princess by george macdonald
frances waldeaux by rebecca harding davis
landholding in england by joseph fisher
gorgias by plato
the yellow claw by sax rohmer
the story of the gadsby by rudyard kipling
stories from the 1910 issues of everybody's magazine by various
the lock and key library classic mystery and detective stories
adventures and letters by richard harding davis
tom swift and his wizard camera by victor appleton
dreams and dust by don marquis
the adventures of peregrine pickle by tobias smollett
tales of trail and town by bret harte
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
famous men of the middle ages by john h. haaren and addison b. poland
tom swift and his electric rifle by victor appleton
keziah coffin by joseph c. lincoln
the fatal boots by william makepeace thackeray
the clever woman of the family by charlotte yonge
stories by english authors: germany by various
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1661
selections from american poetry by margeret sprague carhart
the book of tea by kakuzo okakura
the king's jackal by richard harding davis
journal of a voyage to lisbon by henry fielding
the woodlanders by thomas hardy
london's underworld by thomas holmes
the lamp that went out by augusta groner
meno by plato
the cask of amontillado by edgar allan poe
the diary of samuel pepys september 1667
roundabout papers by william makepeace thackeray
malvina of brittany by jerome k. jerome
a hazard of new fortunes part 2 by william dean howells
the cruise of the snark by jack london
criticism and fiction by william dean howells
peter ruff and the double four by e. phillips oppenheim
the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame
the chouans by honore de balzac
lavender and old lace by myrtle reed
the well of the saints by j. m. synge
american fairy tales by l. frank baum
seraphita by honore de balzac
two penniless princesses by charlotte m. yonge
the confutatio pontificia by anonymous
madame firmiani by honore de balzac
under the lilacs by louisa may alcott
the guns of bull run by joseph a. altsheler
a vindication of rights of woman by mary wollstonecraft
a master's degree by margaret hill mccarter
napoleon bonaparte by john s. c. abbott
faust part 1 by johann w. von goethe
loves labour lost by william shakespeare
the malay archipelago vol. 1 of 2 by alfred russell wallace
the dwelling place of light complete by american novelist
sir francis drake revived by philip nichols
persuasion by jane austen
monsieur de camors vol. 3 by octave feuillet
elinor wyllys vol. 1 by susan fenimore cooper
letters of two brides by honore de balzac
the memoirs of general the baron de marbot
baddeck and that sort of thing by charles dudley warner
what's wrong with the world by g. k. chesterton
sowing seeds in danny by nellie l. mcclung
the chignecto isthmus and its first settlers by howard trueman
the poison belt by arthur conan doyle
sunshine sketches of a little town by stephen leacock
personal recollections of joan of arc vol. 1 by mark twain
the masque of the red death by edgar allan poe
the history of the telephone by herbert n. casson
creatures that once were men by maxim gorky
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1662
the lilac fairy book by various
what is property? by p. j. proudhon
within the law by marvin dana
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1665
the american republic by o. a. brownson
berlin and sans-souci by luise muhlbach
the diary of samuel pepys october november & december 1660
the diary of samuel pepys january february & march 1661
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1664
fennel and rue by william dean howells
the american spirit in literature: a chronicle of great interpreters
howards end by e. m. forster
the miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay
cousin maude by mary j. holmes
anne of green gables by lucy maud montgomery
warlord of mars by edgar rice burroughs
lectures on evolution by thomas henry huxley
royalty restored or london under charles ii by j. fitzgerald molloy
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 11 of 21 friedrich takes
the flirt by booth tarkington
the mystery of the yellow room by gaston leroux
the ink-stain vol. 1 by rene bazin
oliver twist by charles dickens
good stories for great holidays by frances jenkins olcott
the $30000 bequest and other stories by mark twain
a drama on the seashore by honore de balzac
blix by frank norris
overruled by george bernard shaw
waverley or 'tis sixty years since by sir walter scott
the rise of silas lapham by william dean howells
correspondence of wagner and liszt vol. 2 of 2
dream days by kenneth grahame
the widow lerouge by emile gaboriau
sword blades and poppy seed by amy lowell
our androcentric culture by charlotte p. gilman
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1662
captains courageous by rudyard kipling
private life of napoleon vol. 10 by constant premier valet de chambre
a romance of youth vol. 3 by francois coppee
the diary of samuel pepys december 1667
walking by henry david thoreau
copy-cat & other stories by mary wilkins freeman
some rambling notes of an idle excursion by mark twain
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1668
the street of seven stars by mary roberts rinehart
literary blunders by henry benjamin wheatley
barrack-room ballads by rudyard kipling
the odyssey by homer
the zeppelin's passenger by e. phillips oppenheim
tales of unrest by joseph conrad
beatrix by honore de balzac
utopia of usurers and other essays by gilbert keith chesterton
the mysteries of udolpho by ann radcliffe
the man of letters as a man of business by william dean howells
sense and sensibility by jane austen
marie antoinette and her son by louise muhlbach
cy whittaker's place by j. c. lincoln
the crystal stopper by maurice leblanc
the bible king james version complete by various
history of the catholic church from the renaissance to
relation of literature to life by charles dudley warner
ballads of peace in war by michael earls
moon-face and other stories by jack london
some roundabout papers by william makepeace thackeray
the little man by john galsworthy
the scarlet pimpernel by baroness orczy
just david by eleanor h. porter
wild animals i have known by e. t. seton
mcteague by frank norris
at the sign of the cat and racket by honore de balzac
on our selection by steele rudd
vendetta by honore de balzac
their pilgrimage by charles dudley warner
the clue of the twisted candles by edgar wallace
how to live on 24 hours a day by arnold bennett
physics and politics or thoughts on the application of
the two vanrevels by booth tarkington
jasmin: barber poet philanthropist by samuel smiles
flying machines by w. j. jackman and thos. h. russell
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1662
the diary of samuel pepys july 1667
a room with a view by e. m. forster
the frozen deep by wilkie collins
the ballad of reading gaol by oscar wilde
nerves and common sense by annie payson call
select epigrams from the greek anthology
the adventure of the dying detective by arthur conan doyle
the golden slipper by anna katharine green
on the trail of grant and lee by frederick trevor hill
fenimore cooper's literary offences by mark twain
danny's own story by don marquis
american newspaper by charles dudley warner
great expectations by charles dickens
kansas women in literature by nettie garmer barker
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 14
memoirs of napoleon vol. 16 by louis antoine fauvelet
from the earth to the moon by jules verne
emma by jane austen
the problem of ohio mounds by cyrus thomas
address to the inhabitants by richard johnson
the autobiography of charles darwin
a ward of the golden gate by bret harte
le mort d'arthur vol. 1 by thomas malory
the little dream by john galsworthy
april hopes by william dean howells
silas marner by george eliot
the last days of pompeii by edward george bulwer-lytton
in the heart of africa by samuel white baker
thankful's inheritance by joseph c. lincoln
black rock by ralph connor
the water goats and other troubles by ellis parker butler
the wonders of instinct by j. h. fabre
andersonville vol. 4 by john mcelroy
the princess and the goblin by george macdonald
heroes of the telegraph by j. munro
two years before the mast by richard henry dana
twenty-two goblins translated from the sanskrit
tom swift and his aerial warship by victor appleton
tess of the d'urbervilles by thomas hardy
the talkative wig by eliza lee cabot follen
the heritage of the sioux by b.m. bower
the princess by alfred lord tennyson
parmenides by plato
the complete shakespeare's first folio [35 plays]
forty-two poems by james elroy flecker
tartarin de tarascon by alphonse daudet
the fortunate youth by william j. locke
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 12
ann veronica by h. g. wells
alvira heroine of vesuvius by a. j. o'reilly
monsieur lecoq vol. 2 the honor of the name by emile gaboriau
dr. breen's practice by william dean howells
the red cross girl by richard harding davis
memoirs of napoleon vol. 5 by louis antoine fauvelet
zibeline vol. 1 by phillipe de massa
the two noble kinsmen by william shakespeare and john fletcher
the mob by john galsworthy
little women by louisa may alcott
penrod and sam by booth tarkington
leaves of grass by walt whitman
the commission in lunacy by honore de balzac
the bickerstaff-partridge papers by jonathan swift
memoirs of napoleon vol. 1 by louis antoine fauvelet
the errand boy by horation alger
the wallet of kai lung by ernest bramah
dore lectures on mental science by thomas troward
criminal sociology by enrico ferri
the story of evolution by joseph mccabe
green mansions by w. h. hudson
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 2
critical and historical essays vol. 2 by thomas babington macaulay
prufrock and other observations by t. s. eliot
the fifteen decisive battles of the world from marathon
thelma by marie corelli
short stories and essays by william dean howells
martin hyde the duke's messenger by john masefield
greek studies: a series of essays by walter horatio pater
sir walter raleigh and his time by charles kingsley
nature cure by henry lindlahr
the return of dr. fu-manchu by sax rohmer
within an inch of his life by emile gaboriau
the mastery of the air by william j. claxton
the fortunes of oliver horn by f. hopkinson smith
susy a story of the plains by bret harte
the house of the wolf by stanley weyman
thuvia maid of mars by edgar rice burroughs
a hazard of new fortunes part 4 by william dean howells
memoirs of the comtesse du barry by etienne leon lamothe-langon
abraham lincoln by james russell lowell
a hazard of new fortunes part 5 by william dean howells
old love stories retold by richard le gallienne
gerfaut vol. 2 by charles de bernard
omoo: adventures in the south seas by herman melville
the mysterious island by jules verne
letters to dead authors by andrew lang
the prince and the pauper by mark twain
the university of hard knocks by ralph parlette
the deerslayer by james fenimore cooper
i say no by wilkie collins
montezuma's daughter by h. rider haggard
the home book of verse vol. 3 by burton egbert stevenson
mr. bonaparte of corsica by john kendrick bangs
the hungry stones and other stories by rabindranath tagore
divine comedy purgatory by dante alighieri
dolly dialogues by anthony hope
the monster men by edgar rice burroughs
the south pole vol. 2 by roald amundsen
wake-robin by john burroughs
the diary of samuel pepys january 1669
under the greenwood tree by thomas hardy
falk by joseph conrad
story of my life by helen keller
a study in scarlet by arthur conan doyle
heart of darkness by joseph conrad
north of boston by robert frost
the story of a mine by bret harte
hiero by xenophon
the raven by edgar allan poe
an open letter on translating by martin luther
letters to his son 1748 by the earl of chesterfield
essays vol. 18 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the aeroplane speaks by h. barber
the crossing by winston churchill
as we go by charles dudley warner
tom grogan by f. hopkinson smith
the coming race by edward bulwer lytton
the darrow enigma by melvin l. severy
the landlord at lion's head vol. 2 by william dean howells
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1664
okewood of the secret service by valentine williams
around the world in 80 days by jules verne
to-morrow by joseph conrad
cap'n eri by joseph crosby lincoln
twelfe-night by william shakespeare
hermann and dorothea by johann wolfgang von goethe
the path of the law by oliver wendell holmes jr.
christie johnstone by charles reade
two men of sandy bar by bret harte
the book of mormon by anonymous
vendetta by marie corelli
allan quatermain by h. rider haggard
original short stories vol. 13 of 13 by guy de maupassant
the brick moon et. al. by edward everett hale
bunner sisters by edith wharton
story of the session of the california legislature of 1909
the great boer war by arthur conan doyle
recipes tried and true by presbyterian ladies' aid
andersonville vol. 2 by john mcelroy
the belgian twins by lucy fitch perkins
hero tales from american history by henry cabot lodge
the bible both testaments king james version
thomas hart benton's remarks to the senate on the
under the deodars by rudyard kipling
the nabob by alphonse daudet
essays vol. 2 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the breitmann ballads by charles g. leland
cupid's understudy by edward salisbury field
henry vi part 3 by william shakespeare
fifty famous fables by lida brown mcmurry
the confessions of saint augustine by saint augustine
miss billy married by eleanor h. porter
wilhelm tell by johann christoph friedrich von schiller
la grenadiere by honore de balzac
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1660
smoke bellew by jack london
beyond the city by arthur conan doyle
the woman-hater by charles reade
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 6 of 16 by unknown
a daughter of the land by gene stratton-porter
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 9 of 16 by unknown
orpheus in mayfair and other stories and sketches by maurice baring
the patrol of the sun dance trail by ralph connor
the effects of cross & self-fertilisation in the vegetable kingdom
the research magnificent by h. g. wells
hunting sketches by anthony trollope
the return of tarzan by edgar rice burroughs
told after supper by jerome k. jerome
the new mcguffey fourth reader by william holmes mcguffey
as told to the piccaninnies by katie langloh parker
the two brothers by honore de balzac
the white bees henry van dyke
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 6
travels with a donkey in the cevennes by robert louis stevenson
the varieties of religious experiance by william james
the pedler of dust sticks by eliza lee cabot follen
the new machiavelli by h. g. wells
the ward of king canute by ottilie a. liljencrantz
wild apples by henry david thoreau
the faith of men by jack london
mistress wilding by rafael sabatini
the legends of the jews vol. 3 by louis ginzberg
cinq mars vol. 1 by alfred de vigny
the red planet by william j. locke
the eighteenth brumaire of louis bonaparte by karl marx
the tragedie of anthony and cleopatra by william shakespeare
a theological-political treatise part 3 by benedict of spinoza
my lady's money by wilkie collins
the personal memoirs of ulysses s. grant complete
an outcast of the islands by joseph conrad
little lord fauntleroy by frances hodgson burnett
the spell of egypt by robert hichens
life of robert browning by william sharp
riders to the sea by j. m. synge
days with sir roger de coverley by joseph addison and richard steele
hopalong cassidy's rustler round-up by clarence edward mulford
our american cousin by tom taylor
annajanska the bolshevik empress by george bernard shaw
wildfire by zane grey
library work with children by alice i. hazeltine
their silver wedding journey part 1 by william dean howells
a little tour in france by henry james
the gold bag by carolyn wells
the four horsemen of the apocalypse by vicente blasco ibanez
the unknown guest by maurice maeterlinck
bureaucracy by honore de balzac
homespun tales by kate douglas wiggin
the gadfly by e. l. voynich
remember the alamo by amelia e. barr
barnaby rudge by charles dickens
the method by which the causes of the present and past conditions
the fall of troy by smyrnaeus quintus
peter pan in kensington gardens by j. m. barrie
the woman in white by wilkie collins
we two by edna lyall
the golden sayings of epictetus
essays vol. 16 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the yellow wallpaper by charlotte perkins gilman
devil's ford by bret harte
the fortune hunter by david graham phillips
beowulf by anonymous
the flying u's last stand by b. m. bower
the brotherhood of consolation by honore de balzac
sons and lovers by david herbert lawrence
our war with spain for cuba's freedom by trumbull white
the acharnians by aristophanes
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1665
some reminiscences by joseph conrad
an attic philosopher vol. 2 by emile souvestre
a prince of bohemia by honore de balzac
a dog's tale by mark twain
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 9
the american nation: a history vol. 1 european background
the life and death of the lord cromwell by william shakespeare
boyhood in norway by hjalmar hjorth boyesen
on books and the housing of them by william ewart gladstone
father sergius by leo tolstoy
ozma of oz by l. frank baum
the human comedy: introductions & appendix by honore de balzac
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 6
john barleycorn by jack london
the enchanted typewriter by john kendrick bangs
my mark twain by william dean howells
the golden age by kenneth grahame
poems and songs of robert burns by robert burns
when the sleeper wakes by herbert george wells
the lost prince by frances hodgson burnett
god the invisible king by h. g. wells
united states declaration of independence by thomas jefferson
a history of science vol. 4 by henry smith williams
origins of contemporary france vol. 2 of 6 by hippolyte a. taine
the golden house by charles dudley warner
the deputy of arcis by honore de balzac
the troll garden et al by willa cather
their wedding journey by william dean howells
in the carquinez woods by bret harte
american notes by rudyard kipling
a discourse on method by ren descartes
pilgrim and the american of today 1892 by charles dudley warner
the golden road by lucy maud montgomery
the snare by rafael sabatini
tales of the argonauts by bret harte
neal the miller by james otis
the most interesting stories of all nations by various
on the origin of species by charles darwin
twenty thousand leagues under the sea by jules verne
history of the conquest of peru by william hickling prescott
richard ii by william shakespeare
the duchesse de langeais by honore de balzac
the tinker's wedding by john millington synge
frivolous cupid by anthony hope
the town traveller by george gissing
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 7 of 21 fearful shipwreck of
demos by george gissing
the life everlasting: a reality of romance by marie corelli
cousin phillis by elizabeth c. gaskell
the man between by amelia e. barr
the adventure of the devil's foot by arthur conan doyle
the jewel of seven stars by bram stoker
the blue flower by henry van dyke
the adventures of reddy fox by thornton w. burgess
appreciations of richard harding davis by various
madame chrysantheme vol. 1 by pierre loti
peace manoeuvres by richard harding davis
the sea-hawk by raphael sabatini
cressy by bret harte
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vols. 1-15
amours de voyage by arthur hugh clough
mr. hogarth's will by catherine helen spence
captains courageous by rudyard kipling
z. marcas by honore de balzac
the french revolution by thomas carlyle
hellenica by xenophon
a life's morning by george gissing
the perfect wagnerite by george bernard shaw
monsieur beaucaire by booth tarkington
hospital sketches by louisa may alcott
the return of sherlock holmes by arthur conan doyle
facino cane by honore de balzac
the adventures of roderick random by tobias smollett
essays second series by ralph waldo emerson
rise and fall of cesar birotteau by honore de balzac
the london prodigal by william shakespeare
ghosts a domestic tragedy by henrik ibsen
a woman's way through unknown labrador by mina benson hubbard
bramble-bees and others by j. henri fabre
a theological-political treatise part 1 by benedict of spinoza
the red lily vol. 1 by anatole france
the diary of samuel pepys september 1665
the adventures of colonel daniel boone by john filson
rio grande's last race and other verses andrew barton 'banjo' paterson
the ragged trousered philanthropists by robert tressell
the mason-bees by j. henri fabre
the adventure of wisteria lodge by arthur conan doyle
the life of the fly by j. henri fabre
stage-land by jerome k. jerome
anne of the island by lucy maud montgomery
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 7
memoirs of napoleon vol. 3 by louis antoine fauvelet
captivity and restoration of mrs. mary rowlandson by mary rowlandson
memoirs of napoleon vol. 4 by louis antoine fauvelet
creatures that once were men by maxim gorky
the psychology of revolution by gustave le bon
the education of the child by ellen key
indian summer of a forsyte and in chancery by john galsworthy
power through repose by annie payson call
essays vol. 19 of 19 by michel de montaigne
lin mclean by owen wister
crime and punishment by fyodor dostoevsky
sybil or the two nations by benjamin disraeli
a modern cinderella by louisa may alcott
the slowcoach by e. v. lucas
a passion in the desert by honore de balzac
the diary of samuel pepys march 1668
this country of ours by henrietta elizabeth marshall
the lady of lyons by edward bulwer lytton
to have and to hold by mary johnston
on horsemanship by xenophon
the lily of the valley by honore de balzac
the home book of verse vol. 1 by burton egbert stevenson
the life of sir richard burton by thomas wright
the trampling of the lilies by rafael sabatini
tom swift and his motor-boat by victor appleton
little journeys to the homes of great business men: john jacob astor
poor folk by fyodor dostoyevsky
our village by mary russell mitford
three men on the bummel by jerome k. jerome
staccato notes of a vanished summer by william dean howells
rupert of hentzau by anthony hope
the story of the amulet by e. nesbit
the depot master by joseph c. lincoln
the house behind the cedars by charles w. chesnutt
literature and life entire by william dean howells
new forces in old china by arthur judson brown
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1664
the secret sharer by joseph conrad
donal grant by george macdonald
a simpleton by charles reade
fall of the moghul empire of hindustan by h. g. keene
maid marian by thomas love peacock
rashi by maurice liber
the pilgrim's progress by john bunyan
rinkitink in oz by l. frank baum
the mountains by stewart edward white
recollections and letters of general robert e. lee
the passing of the frontier: a chronicle of the old west
incognita by william congreve
memoir of the proposed territory of arizona by sylvester mowry
aeroplanes and dirigibles of war by frederick a. talbot
andersonville vol. 1 by john mcelroy
a girl of the limberlost by gene stratton-porter
the sky pilot by ralph connor
of the nature of things by lucretius
the past condition of organic nature by thomas h. huxley
glengarry schooldays by ralph connor
old fritz and the new era by louise muhlbach
tom swift and his motor-cycle by victor appleton
oscar wilde his life & confessions vol. 1 by frank harris
the georgics by virgil
the king of ireland's son by padraic colum
by shore and sedge by bret harte
marie by h. rider haggard
the chinese classics by james legge
the round-up by john murray and marion mills miller
divine comedy complete by dante alighieri
north american species of cactus by john coulter
origins of contemporary france vol. 5 of 6 by hippolyte a. taine
the illustrious prince by e. phillips oppenheim
the world's desire by h. rider haggard and andrew lang
a bit o' love by john galsworthy
a treatise on parents and children by george bernard shaw
a critical examination of the position of mr. darwin's work on
the poems of emma lazarus vol. 1
the discovery of guiana by sir walter raleigh
ballads by horatio alger jr
after dark by wilkie collins
the europeans by henry james
a miscellany of men by g. k. chesterton
a kidnapped santa claus by l. frank baum
the moon endureth--tales and fancies by john buchan
sixes and sevens by o. henry
origin and nature of emotions by george w. crile
history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 4
sketches new and old complete by mark twain
the crusade of the excelsior by bret harte
tom swift and his airship by victor appleton
susan lenox: her fall and rise by david graham phillips
the letters of the younger pliny first series vol. 1
the works of max beerbohm
men's wives by william makepeace thackeray
on the decay of the art of lying by mark twain
a portrait of the artist as a young man by james joyce
pages from an old volume of life by oliver wendell holmes sr.
an attic philosopher vol. 3 by emile souvestre
droll stories vol. 3 by honore de balzac
the altruist in politics by benjamin cardozo
his last bow by arthur conan doyle
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 3
lahoma by john breckinridge ellis
ridgway of montana by william macleod raine
the mystery of a hansom cab by fergus hume
a strange disappearance by anna katharine green
webster's unabridged dictionary by noah webster
napoleon and blucher by louise muhlbach
the coming conquest of england by august niemann
the rise of david levinsky by abraham cahan
psmith journalist by p. g. wodehouse
narratives of new netherland 1609-1664 by various
the argonauts of north liberty by bret harte
the winter's tale by william shakespeare
you never can tell by george bernard shaw
robbery under arms by thomas alexander browne
cymbeline by william shakespeare
a mortal antipathy by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the secrets of the princesse de cadignan by honore de balzac
cosmopolis vols. 1-4 by paul bourget
china and the manchus by herbert a. giles
the wind in the rose-bush et al by mary wilkins
the lion's skin by rafael sabatini
a princess of mars by edgar rice burroughs
paz by honore de balzac
dead men tell no tales by e. w. hornung
coral and coral reefs by thomas h. huxley
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 5
alice of old vincennes by maurice thompson
the treasure by kathleen norris
chronicles of canada vol. 1 of 32 the dawn of canadian history:
a book of scoundrels by charles whibley
the rime of the ancient mariner by samuel taylor coleridge
the ethics part 1 by benedict de spinoza
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 3
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 5 of 21 double-marriage
when a man marries by mary roberts rinehart
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 4
a face illumined by e. p. roe
l'allegro il penseroso comus and lycidas by john milton
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1666
henry viii and his court by louise muhlbach
the lock and key library stories by modern american authors
stories to tell to children by sara cone bryant
psychological counter-current in recent fictionby william dean howells
the outlet by andy adams
anne's house of dreams by lucy maud montgomery
the unseen world and other essays by john fiske
round the red lamp by arthur conan doyle
sir gibbie by george macdonald
a rogue's life by wilkie collins
five little peppers and how they grew by margaret sidney
pioneers of france in the new world by francis parkman jr.
love or fame; et. al. by fannie isabelle sherrick
the colored cadet at west point by henry flipper
dawn o'hara the girl who laughed by edna ferber
beautiful joe by marshall saunders
a far country book 1 by the american novelist and historian
the turn of the screw by henry james
happy hawkins by robert alexander wason
chaucer by adolphus william ward
helen's babies john habberton
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1664
the complete works of artemus ward part 3
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 1
denzil quarrier by george gissing
the diary of samuel pepys july & august 1663
chinese sketches by herbert a. giles
the hollow needle by maurice leblanc
the reef by edith wharton
the octopus by frank norris
philosophy 4 a story of harvard university by owen wister
beautiful europe: belgium by joseph e. morris
the golden threshold by sarojini naidu
the adventures of jimmie dale by frank l. packard
the gates of chance van tassel sutphen
a sappho of green springs by bret harte
snow-bound at eagle's by bret harte
wieland or the transformation by charles brockden brown
coniston book 2 by the american novelist and historian
episodes in van bibber's life by richard harding davis
tom swift in the land of wonders by victor appleton
tom swift in the caves of ice by victor appleton
puck of pook's hill by rudyard kipling
the diary of samuel pepys october 1665
the black tulip by alexandre dumas (pere)
se-quo-yah from harper's new monthly vol. 41 by william a. phillips
memoirs of extraordinary popular delusions by charles mackay
the complete works of artemus ward part 7
the bell-ringer of angel's and other stories by bret harte
the dawn of a to-morrow by frances hodgson burnett
a lute of jade by l. cranmer-byng
a little dinner at timmins's by william makepeace thackeray
essays first series by ralph waldo emerson
indian boyhood by charles a. eastman
the valley of fear by sir arthur conan doyle
quality and other studies and essays by john galsworthy
old john brown by walter hawkins
the dark flower by john galsworthy
the kingdom of the blind by e. phillips oppenheim
the pioneers by james fenimore cooper
the twin hells by john n. reynolds
sartor resartus by thomas carlyle
t. tembarom by frances hodgson burnett
the market-place by harold frederic
tapestried chamber and death of the laird's jock by sir walter scott
winter sunshine by john burroughs
the eldest son by john galsworthy
beautiful stories from shakespeare by e. nesbit
the city of dreadful night by james thomson
man and wife by wilkie collins
the naturalist on the river amazons by henry bates
the counterpane fairy by katharine pyle
memoirs of sherlock holmes sir arthur conan doyle
sparrows by horace w. c. newte
little rivers by henry van dyke
anomalies and curiosities of medicine by george m. gould
a phyllis of the sierras by bret harte
the burial of the guns by thomas nelson page
mrs. warren's profession by george bernard shaw
pollyanna by eleanor h. porter
some causes of the prevailing discontent by charles dudley warner
the alchemist by ben jonson
the use and need of the life of carry a. nation by carry amelia nation
the art of living in australia by philip e. muskett
poems of william blake
tartuffe by jean-baptiste poquelin molire
the green mummy by fergus hume
another study of woman by honore de balzac
under the andes by rex stout
the longest journey by e. m. forster
the son of tarzan by edgar rice burroughs
the crock of gold by james stephens
the sinking of the titanic by various
rosmersholm by henrik ibsen
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vols. 1-7 by lewis goldsmith
a drift from redwood camp by bret harte
salammbo by gustave flaubert
a theological-political treatise part 2 by benedict of spinoza
real soldiers of fortune by richard harding davis
poor dear margaret kirby and other stories by kathleen norris
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1668
christopher columbus vol. 6 by filson young
eminent victorians by lytton strachey
essays vol. 15 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the diary of samuel pepys october & november 1664
cinq mars vol. 4 by alfred de vigny
new york by james fenimore cooper
the puppet crown by harold macgrath
the flag-raising by kate douglas wiggin
sons of the soil by honore de balzac
the circus boys in dixie land by edgar b. p. darlington
l'abbe constantin vol. 3 by ludovic halevy
wolfville by alfred henry lewis
the garden of survival by algernon blackwood
benita an african romance by h. rider haggard
the club of queer trades by g. k. chesterton
the man-eaters of tsavo and other east african adventures
the blue fairy book by andrew lang
the touchstone by edith wharton
a far country books 1-3 by the american novelist and historian
two years in the forbidden city by the princess der ling
over the sliprails by henry lawson
margret howth a story of to-day by rebecca harding davis
isaac bickerstaff by richard steele
the diary of samuel pepys july 1665
the hound of the baskervilles by arthur conan doyle
chamber music by james joyce
three elephant power by andrew barton 'banjo' paterson
increasing human efficiency in business by walter dill scott
end of the tether by joseph conrad
the red lily vol. 2 by anatole france
child of storm by h. rider haggard
windsor castle by william harrison ainsworth
the diary of samuel pepys april 1667
confiscation an outline by william greenwood
a personal record by joseph conrad
the trial by charlotte m. yonge
the red badge of courage by stephen carne
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 2
flower fables by louisa may alcott
tom sawyer abroad by mark twain
melmoth reconciled by honore de balzac
an enemy of the people by henrik ibsen
fromont and risler vol. 1 by alphonse daudet
the mystery of orcival by emile gaboriau
the village rector by honore de balzac
the poems of johann wolfgang von goethe
paul the peddler by horatio alger jr
the insidious dr. fu-manchu by sax rohmer
the life of horatio lord nelson by robert southey
captain brassbound's conversion by george bernard shaw
the two captains by friedrich de la motte-fouque
yet again by max beerbohm
book of nonsense by edward lear
a history of science vol. 2 by henry smith williams
the city of the sun by tommaso campanells
reminiscences of tolstoy by ilya tolstoy
a far country book 2 by the american novelist and historian
the master-christian by marie corelli
darwin and modern science by a. c. seward
henry viii by william shakespeare
mauprat by george sand
the marble faun vol. 1 by nathaniel hawthorne
time and life by thomas henry huxley
legends of vancouver by e. pauline johnson
freckles by gene stratton-porter
the old curiosity shop by charles dickens
missionary travels and researches in south africa by david livingstone
the variation of animals and plants under domestication vol. 1
hans brinker; or the silver skates by mary mapes dodge
eric brighteyes by h. rider haggard
vanished arizona by martha summerhayes
the historical nights' entertainment first series by rafael sabatini
beyond by john galsworthy
a journal of the plague year by daniel defoe
the pathfinder by james fenimore cooper
at the back of the north wind by george macdonald
openings in the old trail by bret harte
the life of stephen a. douglas by william gardner
the paying guest by george gissing
the yoga sutras of patanjali by charles johnston
the duchess of berry and the court of charles x
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1666
the confessions of a summer colonist by william dean howells
the survivors of the chancellor by jules verne
the private memoirs and confessions of a justified sinner
essays vol. 4 of 19 by michel de montaigne
laches by plato
minna von barnhelm by gotthold ephraim lessing
concerning christian liberty by martin luther
taras bulba and other tales by nikolai vasilievich gogol
flatland by edwin a. abbott
the girl with the golden eyes by honore de balzac
anne of avonlea by lucy maud montgomery
the analects of confucius
poems by alan seeger
the untilled field by george moore
strictly business by o. henry
the diary of samuel pepys june july & august 1661
madame bovary by gustave flaubert
the diary of samuel pepys february 1667
the evil genius by wilkie collins
bluebeard by kate douglas wiggin
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vols. 1-7
the scarlet car by richard harding davis
gambara by honore de balzac
a christmas carol by c. z. barnett and charles dickens
my novel book 1 by edward bulwer-lytton
the story of my life from childhood to manhood vol. 4 by georg ebers
the miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay
the emperor vol. 2 by georg ebers
the revelation explained by f. smith
the vision of hell part 1 by dante alighieri
evan harrington vol. 3 by george meredith
the tragical history of doctor faustus by christopher marlowe
conscience by eliza lee cabot follen
the diary of samuel pepys january 1660
the empress josephine by louise muhlbach
cassell's book of birds vol. 1 of 4 by thomas rymer jones
the history of sandford and merton by thomas day
industrial biography by samuel smiles
jack tier or the florida reef by james fenimore cooper
letters of felix mendelssohn bartholdy from italy and
morley ernstein by george payne rainsford james
pepper & salt by howard pyle
the vision of purgatory part 1 by dante alighieri
the seaboard parish complete by george macdonald
memoirs of extraordinary popular delusions vol. 2 by charles mackay
introduction to the literature of europe in the fifteenth
parsons on the rose by samuel browne parsons
the poems of oliver goldsmith by oliver goldsmith
the deserted village by oliver goldsmith
the history of the most noble order of the garter by unknown
invention and discovery: by anonymous
christmastide by william sandys
the blue duchess by paul bourget
zoological illustrations or original figures and descriptions
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (2 of 6):
the chinese opium-smoker by anonymous
rhymes for the young folk by william allingham
dog breaking by william nelson hutchinson
life in the far west by george frederick augustus ruxton
the senses and the mind by anonymous
'look about you' nature study books book 4 of 7 by thomas w. hoare
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
animal chums by jean mcintosh
a little colored boy and other stories by methodist book concern
rambles in rome by s. russell forbes
the history of the crusades vol. 3 of 3 by joseph francois michaud
a lost leader by dorothea townshend
modern magic by professor hoffmann
japanese homes and their surroundings by edward morse
the mentor vol. 1 no. 38 november 3 1913: napoleon bonaparte
history of greece vol. 3 of 12 by george grote
the young ship-builders of elm island by elijah kellogg
the history of the crusades vol 2 of 3 by joseph francois michaud
trial and execution of the sparrow for killing cock robin by anonymous
the sea by frederick whymper
the indian: on the battle-field and in the wigwam by john frost
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (3 of 6):
a course of mechanical magnetical optical hydrostatical and
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights
an apology for the true christian divinity by robert barclay
the reason why by anonymous
the hard-scrabble of elm island by elijah kellogg
introduction to the literature of europe in the fifteenth
canadian scenery volume 2 of 2 by nathaniel parker willis
market harborough and inside the bar by g. j. whyte-melville
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights
the guide of the desert by gustave aimard
aurora leigh by elizabeth barrett browning
chronicles of england scotland and ireland (2 of 6):
tara by philip meadows taylor
the iliads of homer by homer
posthumous papers of the pickwick club vol. 2 of 2
the colloquies of edward osborne by anne manning
historical record of the thirteenth regiment of light dragoons:
abridgement of the debates of congress from 1789
atala by franois auguste de chateaubriand
evening at home by john aikin and mrs. l. e. barbauld
a conchological manual by george brettingham sowerby
lena graham by cecilia selby lowndes
a plain and literal translation of the arabian nights entertainments
cover: mogg's cab fare distance map and london guide by w. mogg
the indian scout by gustave aimard
kit and kitty by r. d. blackmore
the golden butterfly by walter besant and james rice
constitutional history of england volume 3 of 3 by henry hallam
poems by matthew arnold
jessica's first prayer and jessica's mother by hesba stretton
the stately homes of england by llewellynn frederick william jewitt
france and england in north america part 4: the
plane and plank by oliver optic
library notes by a. p. russell
the purple cow! by gelett burgess
humboldt by robert g. ingersoll
rossmoyne by margaret wolfe hamilton
the second string by nat gould
the teaching of epictetus by epictetus
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 6 by various
hidden hand by emma dorothy eliza nevitte southworth
englefield grange by h. b. paull
the runaways by nat gould
the mines and its wonders by w.h.g. kingston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 2 by various
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
zoological illustrations volume iii by william swainson
the paston letters volume vi (of 6) part 2 (index) by james gairdner
women of the romance countries by john r. effinger
the life of saint bridget virgin and abbess by anonymous
peeps into china by e. c. phillips
the fisher-boy urashima by anonymous
history of the reign of philip the second king of spain
what shall we do? by leo tolstoy
the gods by robert g. ingersoll
the expositor's bible: the book of genesis by marcus dods
momotaro by anonymous
individuality by robert g. ingersoll
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 9 slice 2 by various
?ile by jean jacques rousseau
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 slice 3 by various
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 5 by various
nestleton magna by j. jackson wray
the admirable lady biddy fane by frank barrett
heretics and heresies by robert g. ingersoll
portia by duchess
imogen by mrs. molesworth
the last of the vikings by john bowling
sarchedon by george john whyte-melville
the sweating sickness by john caius
solomon by constance fenimore woolson
rudy and babette by hans christian andersen
jack hinton by charles james lever
mrs. geoffrey by duchess
cleopatra's needle by james king
the evolution of modern capitalism by john atkinson hobson
the boy slaves by mayne reid
architecture by thomas roger smith and john slater
the revenge by edward young
the life of benjamin franklin by mason locke weems
the mysteries of paris volume 4 of 6 by eug? sue
fairy and folk tales of the irish peasantry
the conspiracy of pontiac and the indian war after the
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the castle of andalusia by john o'keeffe
history of the state of california by john t. frost
a classified catalogue of works in general literature
the last stroke by lawrence l. lynch
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 6 by various
goody two shoes by walter crane
diary and notes of horace templeton esq. by charles james lever
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 8 by various
philip the second king of spain by william h. prescott
the mysteries of paris volume 3 of 6 by eug? sue
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
plato and the other companions of sokrates
is the morality of jesus sound? by m. m. mangasarian
our home in the silver west by gordon stables
nearly bedtime by h. mary wilson
coelebs in search of a wife by hannah more
the stones of venice volume iii (of 3) by john ruskin
the perils and adventures of harry skipwith by w. h. g. kingston
the dramas of victor hugo by victor hugo
the old-fashioned fairy book by constance cary harrison
the flags of the world by f. edward hulme
the private library by arthur l. humphreys
beautiful joe by marshall saunders
history of the united netherlands 1584-1609 complete
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
uarda complete by georg ebers
waverley volume i by sir walter scott
o. t. by hans christian andersen
the works of john greenleaf whittier volume 2 of 7
the celebrity volume 4 by winston churchill
julia and her romeo by david christie murray
history of pendennis by william m. thackeray
luke walton by horatio alger
a summer in leslie goldthwaite's life by mrs. a. d. t. whitney
young tom bowling by j.c. hutcheson
the romance of tristan and iseult by m. joseph bedier
the divine comedy: the vision of hell purgatory and paradise
little folks (july 1884) by various
do and dare by horatio alger jr.
history of the united netherlands 1584-86 complete
heart utterances at various periods of a checkered life
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 21
the history of england volume 1 by david hume
more peers verses by hilaire belloc
memoir of john lothrop motley complete by oliver wendell holmes sr.
wacousta: a tale of the pontiac conspiracy vol. 1 by john richardson
jack harkaway and his son's escape from the brigands of greece
the vigilance committee of '56 by james o'meara
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 37
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
charles o'malley the irish dragoon volume 1 of 2 by charles lever
the adventures of tom sawyer part 7 by mark twain (samuel clemens)
careless kate by oliver optic
representative plays by american dramatists: 1856-1911:
the memoirs of count grammont volume 4 by anthony hamilton
stories of siegfried by mary macgregor
the history of rome vol. 1 by theodor mommsen
illustrated catalogue...indians of new mexico & arizona by stevenson
mushrooms: how to grow them by william falconer
the thirty years war complete by frederich schiller
across the spanish main by harry collingwood
the village uncle (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
the pilgrim's progess in words of one syllable by mary godolphin
little folks (november 1884) by various
old ticonderoga a picture of the past by nathaniel hawthorne
cleopatra by jacob abbott
the positive school of criminology by enrico ferri
captains all book 2: the boatswain's mate by w. w. jacobs
history of the united netherlands 1590-99 by john lothrop motley
peeps at many lands: japan by john finnemore
a virtuoso's collection (from mosses from an old manse)
the vision of paradise part 3 by dante alighieri
tales and novels volume 1 of 9 by maria edgeworth
the rangers by d. p. thompson
imogen by william godwin
cleopatra complete by georg ebers
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
rosa alchemica by w. b. yeats
lives of the poets by c. suetonius tranquillus
the crisis volume 8 by winston churchill
specimens with memoirs of the less-known british poets
sketches new and old part 5 by mark twain
the american family robinson by d. w. belisle
essays of arthur schopenhauer: the wisdom of life
spare hours by john brown
diana of the crossways vol. 1 by george meredith
the seven vagabonds (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
history of egypt volume 4 (of 12) by g. maspero
quotes and images from the works of george meredith
memoirs of general william t. sherman vol. 2 part 3
old creole days by george washington cable
beauchamp's career vol. 3 by george meredith
chippings with a chisel (from twice told tales)
the memoirs of count grammont volume 2 by anthony hamilton
the adventures of a special correspondent by jules verne
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 23
the haunted mind (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
counsels and maxims by arthur schopenhauer
great events by famous historians volume 21 by various
mark twain by archibald henderson
the three cities trilogy: paris vol. 1 by mile zola
molly bawn by margaret wolfe hamilton
the three cities trilogy: paris vol. 4 by mile zola
brave and bold by horatio alger
the physiology of marriage part 3 by honore de balzac
the three cities trilogy: paris vol. 3 by mile zola
the dore gallery of bible illustrations volume 3 by gustave dore
waverley volume 12 by sir walter scott
a popular history of france from the earliest times v.6 of 6 by guizot
an egyptian princess complete by georg ebers
biographical sketches by nathaniel hawthorne
the threefold destiny (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
the vision of purgatory part 5 by dante alighieri
quotes and images from memoirs of marguerite de valois
the village in the mountains; conversion of peter bayssiere;
the adventures of daniel boone: the kentucky rifleman by uncle philip
the memoirs of count grammont volume 7 by anthony hamilton
burke's speech on conciliation with america by edmund burke
after london by richard jefferies
the three cities trilogy: lourdes complete by emile zola
the history of tom thumb and other stories by anonymous
seaboard parish vol. 3 by george macdonald
more seeds of knowledge; or another peep at charles by julia corner
robinson crusoe in words of one syllable by mary godolphin
the rise of the dutch republic vol. 2 of 3 1566-74
the vision of purgatory part 4 by dante alighieri
three cities trilogy: paris complete by mile zola
abbotsford and newstead abbey by washington irving
sweets for leisure hours by a. phillips and e. phillips
john inglefield's thanksgiving by nathaniel hawthorne
beauchamp's career vol. 6 by george meredith
the sketches of seymour part 3 by robert seymour
the aesthetical essays by frederich schiller
the philanderer by george bernard shaw
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 24
sketches from memory (from mosses from an old manse)
the vision of purgatory complete by dante alighieri
quotes and images from memoirs of louis xiv by duke of saint-simon
the young emigrants; madelaine tube; and other stories; by sedgwick
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 25
the history of a crime by victor hugo
wacousta: a tale of the pontiac conspiracy vol. 2 by john richardson
prophetic pictures (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
departmental ditties and barrack room ballads by rudyard kipling
the story of siegfried by james baldwin
alton locke tailor and poet by charles kingsley
the frogs by aristophanes
a comedy of marriage and other tales by guy de maupassant
select party (from mosses from an old manse) by nathaniel hawthorne
beacon lights of history volume 8 by john lord
horace by theodore martin
first and last by h. belloc
the old santa fe trail by colonel henry inman
the principal navigations voyages traffiques and discoveries
complete works of artemus ward by charles f. browne
henrietta's wish by charlotte m. yonge
a catechism of the steam engine by john bourne
littlebourne lock by f. bayford harrison
the seven great monarchies vol 4. (of 7): babylon by george rawlinson
the poetical works of henry kirke white by henry kirke white
beacon lights of history volume 9 by john lord
speed the plough by thomas morton
the poetical works of oliver wendell holmes vol. 3
history of the united netherlands 1586-89 complete
seekers after god by frederic william farrar
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 28
tales and novels volume 7 of 10 by maria edgeworth
what men live by and other tales by leo tolstoy
the history of sir charles grandison volume 4 (of 7) samuel richardson
the history of a mouthful of bread by jean mace
messages and papers of the presidents: john tyler ed. by richardson
the history of don quixote vol. 2 part 36
the land of the blue flower by frances hodgson burnett
tiberius claudius drusus caesar (claudius) by c. suetonius tranquillus
the piccolomini by frederich schiller
the printer boy by william m. thayer
slow and sure by horatio alger
palamon and arcite by john dryden
a compilation of the messages and papers of the presidents
the memoirs of count grammont volume 6 by anthony hamilton
the history of don quixote vol. 1 part 14
sunday at home (from twice told tales) by nathaniel hawthorne
dame duck's lecture by unknown
complete prose works by walt whitman
the history of rome vol. 3 by theodor mommsen
from paris to new york by land by harry de windt
jesse cliffe by mary russell mitford
quotes and images from memoirs of madame de montespan
the house of life by dante gabriel rossetti
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 7
frederick the great and his family by louise muhlbach
the tempest by william shakespeare
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 2 by gustave droz
resurrection by leo tolstoy
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1665
stories by english authors: france by various
heroes and hero worship by thomas carlyle
orlando furioso by lodovico ariosto
the ink-stain vol. 3 by rene bazin
the daughter of an empress by louise muhlbach
meditations by marcus aurelius
apology by plato
the diary of samuel pepys february & march 1669
the republic by plato
the scholemaster by roger ascham
christ in flanders by honore de balzac
the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire vol. 5
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 7
following the equator complete by mark twain
eurasia by christopher evans
the diary of samuel pepys january 1667
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 20 of 21 friedrich is not
memoirs of napoleon vol. 6 by louis antoine fauvelet
on the ruin of britain by gildas
raffles by e. w. hornung
the wandering jew complete by eugene sue
the firm of nucingen by honore de balzac
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 5
the works of edgar allan poe
macbeth by william shakespeare
canterbury tales and other poems by geoffrey chaucer
ursula by honore de balzac
swan song by anton checkov
foma gordyeff by maxim gorky
cratylus by plato
hasisadra's adventure by thomas henry huxley
confessio amantis by john gower
the pocket r.l.s. by robert louis stevenson
thoughts suggested by mr. froude's progress by charles dudley warner
the lost house by richard harding davis
letters to his son 1759-1765 by the earl of chesterfield
jacqueline vol. 3 by marie-therese blanc
on the advisableness of improving natural knowledge by thomas h. huxley
the inspector-general by nicolay gogol
divine comedy complete by dante alighieri
repertory of the comedie humaine part 1 a-k by
a hero of our time by m. y. lermontov
shearing in the riverina by rolf boldrewood
memoirs of napoleon vol. 13 by louis antoine fauvelet
epicoene: or the silent woman by ben jonson
rudder grange by frank r. stockton
augustus does his bit by george bernard shaw
eve and david by honore de balzac
hamlet by william shakespeare
juana by honore de balzac
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 11
the life and adventures of nicholas nickleby by charles dickens
the comedy of errors by william shakespeare
othello by william shakespeare
anabasis by xenophon
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 6 of 21 double-marriage
the complete works of artemus ward part 6
sir john oldcastle by william shakespeare
richard iii by william shakespeare
prince eugene by louisa muhlbach
the darwinian hypothesis by thomas h. huxley
the mayflower and her log vol. 6 by azel ames
driven from home by horatio alger
stories from pentamerone by giambattista basile
father goriot by honore de balzac
the professor at the breakfast table by oliver wendell holmes sr.
letters to his son 1746-1747 by the earl of chesterfield
a question of latitude by richard harding davis
recollections of geoffrey hamlyn by henry kingsley
john bull's other island by george bernard shaw
what is your culture to me by charles dudley warner
serge panine vol. 1 by georges ohnet
euthydemus by plato
letters of franz liszt vol. 1 from paris to rome:
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 13 of 21 first silesian
lock and key library magic & real detectives by various
dynevor terrace vol. 1 by charlotte m. yonge
treatises on friendship and old age by marcus tullius cicero
the parenticide club by ambrose bierce
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 5 of 5
bulfinch's mythology: the age of fable by thomas bulfinch
divine comedy hell by dante alighieri
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 1
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 1 of 5
in the shadow of the glen by j. m. synge
the princess of cleves by madame de lafayette
the messengers by richard harding davis
jacqueline vol. 2 by marie-therese blanc
legge prolegomena by james legge
cousin pons by honore de balzac
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 1
the story of saint stanislaus kostka by w. t. kane
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 14 of 16 by unknown
serge panine vol. 2 by georges ohnet
the hidden masterpiece by honore de balzac
serge panine vol. 3 by georges ohnet
heart of darkness by joseph conrad
two expeditions into the interior of southern australia complete
caesar and cleopatra by george bernard shaw
the works of edgar allan poe
memoirs of napoleon vol. 15 by louis antoine fauvelet
modeste mignon by honore de balzac
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 3 of 5
a midsummer nights dream by william shakespeare
andreas hofer by lousia muhlbach
the dynasts by thomas hardy
the mayflower and her log vol. 2 by azel ames
the purse by honore de balzac
poems: patriotic religious and miscellaneous by father ryan
the deserted woman by honore de balzac
child of a century vol. 2 by alfred de musset
king john by william shakespeare
long odds by h. rider haggard
agesilaus by xenophon
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 4 of 5
the wandering jew book 4 by eugene sue
letters to his son 1752 by the earl of chesterfield
the wandering jew book 6 by eugene sue
the clouds by aristophanes
history of friedrich ii of prussia vol. 12 of 21 first silesian
the ball at sceaux by honore de balzac
letters to his son 1751 by the earl of chesterfield
sara crewe by frances hodgson burnett
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 1 1832-1843
a smaller history of greece by william smith
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 2
gerfaut vol. 4 by charles de bernard
poems of emily dickinson series one
aslauga's knight by fredrich de la motte-fouque
frederick the great and his court by luise muhlbach
an attic philosopher vol. 1 by emile souvestre
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 1
unconscious comedians by honore de balzac
orations by john quincy adams
marie by alexander pushkin
catherine de' medici by honore de balzac
evolution of theology: an anthropological study by thomas henry huxley
columba by prosper merimee
arms and the man by george bernard shaw
private life of napoleon vol. 2 by constant premier valet de chambre
sintram and his companions by friedrich de la motte-fouque
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 2
don quixote by miqeul de cervantes saavedra
remarks of mr. calhoun of south carolina on the bill to
serge panine vol. 4 by georges ohnet
grettir the strong by unknown
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 6
the royal road to health by c. a. tyrrell
the philobiblon of richard de bury by richard de bury
in search of the castaways by jules verne
letters to his son 1753-1754 by the earl of chesterfield
burlesques by william makepeace thackeray
letters to his son 1766-1771 by the earl of chesterfield
ten years later by alexandre dumas pere
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 5
joseph ii and his court by l. muhlbach
cinq mars vol. 5 by alfred de vigny
the crowd study of popular mind by gustave le bon
imaginary portraits by walter pater
the devil's disciple by george bernard shaw
the rise and progress of palaeontology by thomas henry huxley
the reporter who made himself king by richard harding davis
the man who could not lose by richard harding davis
the snow image and other stories by nathaniel hawthorne
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 4
the letters of mark twain vol. 3 1876-1885
the guilty river by wilkie collins
the wandering jew book 10 by eugene sue
tao teh king by lao-tze
the red inn by honore de balzac
the complete works of artemus ward part 4
19th century actor autobiographies by george iles
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 2
the wandering jew book 3 by eugene sue
billy and the big stick by richard harding davis
little travels and roadside sketches by william makepeace thackeray
poetics by aristotle
the miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay
child of a century vol. 3 by alfred de musset
a narrative of the expedition to botany bay by watkin tench
l'abbe constantin vol. 2 by ludovic halevy
youth by leo tolstoy
a dream of john ball a king's lesson by william morris
divine comedy paradise by dante alighieri
the ethics part 2 by benedict de spinoza
tommy trots visit to santa claus by thomas nelson page
aratra pentelici seven lectures on the
the prodigal father by j. storer clouston
ballads of a cheechako by robert w. service
guy mannering by walter scott
senatorial character by c. a. bartol
the new testament by various
miscellaneous writings and speeches of lord macaulay by macaulay
john the baptist by f. b. meyer
prize essay on the cultivation of the potato; &c by compton & blot
the american missionary volume 50 no. 9 september 1896
indian child life by charles a. eastman
washington irving by henry w. boynton
the arena by various
grimms' fairy tales by the brothers grimm
the long portage by harold bindloss
sea power in its relations to the war of 1812 by alfred thayer mahan
sea power in its relations to the war of 1812 by alfred thayer mahan
the khaki kook book by mary kennedy core
james lane allen: a sketch of his life and work
prescott of saskatchewan by harold bindloss
heads and tales ed. by adam white
the mission of janice day by helen beecher long
the long trick by lewis anselm da costa ritchie
masters of the wheat-lands by harold bindloss
brandon of the engineers by harold bindloss
the christmas story from david harum by edward noyes westcott
norman vallery by w.h.g. kingston
daemonologie by king james i
the life of stephen a. douglas by william gardner
the philippine islands 1493-1898 (vol 28 of 55) by various
science and the infinite by sydney t. klein
short history of the london rifle brigade by unknown
studies in literature and history by sir alfred comyn lyall
nancy mcveigh of the monk road by r. henry mainer
bibliography of the writings ... george henry borrow by thomas j. wise
indian summer of a forsyte and in chancery by john galsworthy
autobiography of frank g. allen minister of the gospel
the translations of beowulf by chauncey brewster tinker
essentials of diseases of the skin by henry weightman stelwagon
the devil by joseph o'brien
fifty-two stories for girls by various
the complete bachelor by walter germain
fragments from france by captain bruce bairnsfather
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 1 november 1875 by various
the opened shutters by clara louise burnham
the bronze eagle by emmuska orczy baroness orczy
the contemporary review january 1883 vol. 43 no. 1 by various
the american missionary - volume 52 no. 2 june 1898 by various
littlebourne lock by f. bayford harrison
bib ballads by ring w. lardner
indian poetry by edwin arnold
camp-fire and wigwam by edward sylvester ellis
rufus and rose by horatio alger jr
newspaper reporting and correspondence by grant milnor hyde
description of the great tornado in chester county pa. by darlington
the creators by may sinclair
two little travellers by frances browne arthur
birds of the rockies by leander sylvester keyser
god's plan with men by t. t. (thomas theodore) martin
the deluge in the light of modern science by william denton
peeps at many lands: australia by frank fox
my recollections of lord byron by teresa guiccioli
flip's islands of providence by annie fellows johnston
footprints in the forest by edward sylvester ellis
birds illustrated by color photography [may 1897] by various
the big drum a comedy in four acts by arthur pinero
bardell v. pickwick by percy fitzgerald
a beautiful alien by julia magruder
lives of galileo tycho brahe and kepler by david brewster
with cochrane the dauntless by george alfred henty
refutation of charges against the confederate states by h. e. hayden
as we swept through the deep by gordon stables
the riflemen of the ohio by joseph a. altsheler
paradise lost by john milton
introduction to robert browning by hiram corson
war and peace by by leo tolstoy
the sailor's word-book by william henry smyth
the bertrams by anthony trollope
linda tressel by anthony trollope
'jesus himself' by andrew murray
the philippine islands 1493-1898 (vol 27 of 55) by various
armour's monthly cook book volume 2 no. 12 october 1913 by various
a girl's ride in iceland by ethel brilliana alec-tweedie
from paris to new york by land by harry de windt
hydriatic treatment of scarlet fever by charles munde
adventures of a young naturalist by lucien biart
heartsease by charlotte m. yonge
punch vol. 147 august 5th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
practical taxidermy by montagu browne
a christmas posy by mary louisa stewart molesworth
the young outlaw by horatio alger
granny's wonderful chair by frances browne
europa's fairy book by joseph jacobs
queen sheba's ring by h. rider haggard
apis mellifica by c. w. wolf
sioux indian courts by doane robinson
the american missionary - volume 50 no. 1 january 1896 by various
the surrender of santiago by frank norris
puck of pook's hill by rudyard kipling
questionable amusements and worthy substitutes by j. m. judy
the automobilist abroad by m. f. (milburg francisco) mansfield
memoirs--lord de saumarez. vol. i by sir john ross
religion and theology: a sermon for the times by john tulloch
the sylvan cabin by edward smyth jones
shepp's photographs of the world by james w. shepp and daniel b. shepp
the gold thread by norman macleod
the longest journey by e. m. forster
log-book of timothy boardman by samuel w boardman
aunt jo's scrap-bag by louisa m. alcott
introduction to the history of western europeby james harvery robinson
sam's chance by horatio alger
the light of scarthey by egerton castle
bird stories from burroughs by john burroughs
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 87 january 1865 by various
some reminiscences of old victoria by edgar fawcett
stand by! by henry taprell dorling
noto an unexplored corner of japan by percival lowell
a description of millenium hall by sarah scott
james b. eads by louis how
a color notation by albert h. munsell
a booke called the foundacion of rhetorike by richard rainolde
marjorie by justin huntly mccarthy
starvation treatment of diabetes by lewis webb hill and rena s. eckman
the ascent of denali (mount mckinley) by hudson stuck
the pigeon pie by charlotte m. yonge
complete version of ye three blind mice by john w. ivimey
thoughts on missions by sheldon dibble
a coin of edward vii by fergus hume
problems of expansion by whitelaw reid
hugh bishop of lincoln by charles l. marson
the life of thomas lord cochrane tenth earl of dundonald vol. ii
the bath tatting book by p. p.
robert toombs by pleasant a. stovall
psmith journalist by p. g. wodehouse
chinese folk-lore tales by j. macgowan
religion and lust by james weir
scotch loch-fishing by black palmer (william senior)
the metamorphoses of ovid by publius ovidius naso
great testimony by stephen coleridge
the erie train boy by horatio alger
the continental monthly vol. 3 no 2 february 1863 by various
the american missionary volume 52 no. 3 september 1898 by various
roundabout papers by william makepeace thackeray
skinner's dress suit by henry irving dodge
fighting the traffic in young girls by various
luke walton by horatio alger
parks for the people by various
robin redbreast by mary louisa molesworth
wilmot and tilley by james hannay
paul the courageous by mabel quiller-couch
a son of hagar by sir hall caine
punch vol. 93 september 24 1887 ed. by sir francis burnand
the vicomte de bragelonne by alexandre dumas pere
condemned as a nihilist by george alfred henty
hebrew heroes by charlotte maria tucker (a.k.a. a.l.o.e.)
the athenian constitution by aristotle
submission to divine providence in the death of children by doddridge
happy days by alan alexander milne
a dome of many-coloured glass by amy lowell
notre-dame de paris by victor hugo
that scholarship boy by emma leslie
oaths signs ceremonies and objects of the ku-klux-klan
maxims for revolutionists by george bernard shaw
revolutionist's handbook and pocket companion by george bernard shaw
confiscation an outline by william greenwood
in a new world by horatio alger
a tar-heel baron by mabell shippie clarke pelton
handbook of wool knitting and crochet by anonymous
a small boy and others by henry james
the art of angling by thomas barker
sketches of the fair sex in all parts of the world by anonymous
punch volume 147 august 12 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 3 of 5
chats on old lace and needlework by emily leigh lowes
notes and queries number 33 june 15 1850 by various
five little peppers at school by margaret sidney
an essay on slavery and abolitionism by catharine e. beecher
hoodie by mary louisa stewart molesworth
a poor man's house by stephen sydney reynolds
the writer volume vi april 1892 by various
john hus by william dallmann
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 4 of 5
james watt by andrew carnegie
trial of duncan terig alias clerk and alexander bane macdonald
last twelve verses of the gospel according to s. mark by john burgon
love at paddington by w. pett ridge
the worship of the church by jacob a. regester
starlight ranch by charles king
ontario teachers' manuals: nature study
the history of england from the accession of james ii vol. 5 of 5
peat and its uses as fertilizer and fuel by samuel william johnson
the unicorn from the stars and other plays
the tell el amarna period by carl niebuhr
charles frohman: manager and man by marcosson and frohman
left guard gilbert by ralph henry barbour
discourses on satire and on epic poetry by john dryden
the proverbs of scotland by alexander hislop
the tapestry book by helen churchill candee
characteristics of women by anna jameson
the joyous adventures of aristide pujol by william j. locke
two wonderful detectives by harlan page halsey
hopes and fears by charlotte m. yonge
three hats by alfred debrun
seed dispersal by william j. beal
past and present by thomas carlyle
the memoirs of general w. t. sherman vol. 1 by william t. sherman
dave porter and his rivals by edward stratemeyer
creative evolution by henri bergson
child-land by oscar pletsch and m. rictor
the memoirs of general w. t. sherman vol. 2 by william t. sherman
diaries of sir moses and lady montefiore volume i
union and communion by j. hudson taylor
the stephens family by bascom asbury cecil stephens
the book of stories for the storyteller by fanny e. coe
the mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 3 mar 1810
a house-boat on the styx by john kendrick bangs
stories of siegfried by mary macgregor
the rover boys on the plains by arthur winfield
lippincott's magazine november 1885 by various
when the birds begin to sing by winifred graham
the gentle art of cooking wives by elizabeth strong worthington
a spoil of office by hamlin garland
the home book of verse vol. 1 by burton egbert stevenson
the rover boys in southern waters by arthur m. winfield
the grain ship by morgan robertson
the american missionary -- volume 48 no. 7 july 1894 by various
the international magazine volume 2 no. 3 february 1851 by various
the nursery rhyme book by unknown
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 2 (of 6) by louis creswicke
fables of john gay by john gay
the collected poems of rupert brooke by rupert brooke
a letter from the lord bishop of london to the clergy
in our town by william allen white
three little cousins by amy e. blanchard
the golden age cook book by henrietta latham dwight
the home book of verse vol. 3 by burton egbert stevenson
how to cook husbands by elizabeth strong worthington
the little colonel's christmas vacation by annie fellows johnston
the son of monte christo by jules lermina
the young oarsmen of lakeview by ralph bonehill
the home book of verse vol. 4 by burton egbert stevenson
the indifference of juliet by grace s. richmond
far past the frontier by james a. braden
the mistress of shenstone by florence l. barclay
vixen volume i by m. e. braddon
vixen volume ii by m. e. braddon
vixen volume iii by m. e. braddon
the clansman by thomas dixon
antony gray--gardener by leslie moore
the bill-toppers by andre castaigne
cavanaugh: forest ranger by hamlin garland
the heart of the rose by mabel a. mckee
sonny boy by sophie swett
a little maid of province town by alice turner curtis
the boy scouts on the yukon by ralph victor
elizabeth hobart at exeter hall by jean k. baird
her mother's secret by emma d. e. n. southworth
homer's odyssey by denton j. snider
history of company e of the sixth minnesota regiment of volunteer
margarita's soul by ingraham lovell
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
on singing and music by society of friends
the rise and progress of palaeontology by thomas henry huxley
the renewal of life; how and when to tell the story
happy-thought hall by f. c. burnand
the witch of salem by john r. musick
lectures on evolution by thomas henry huxley
the apologia and florida of apuleius of madaura by lucius apuleius
the printer boy by william m. thayer
trees and other poems by joyce kilmer
the interpreters of genesis and the interpreters of nature
the wizard's daughter and other stories by margaret collier graham
hints on extemporaneous preaching by henry ware
the high calling by charles m. sheldon
mr. gladstone and genesis by thomas henry huxley
my new home by mary louisa molesworth
choice cookery by catherine owen
the lost art of reading by gerald stanley lee
the young farmer: some things he should know by thomas forsyth hunt
shakespeare's family by mrs. c. c. stopes
virginia by ellen glasgow
buchanan's journal of man may 1887 by various
the horsewoman by alice m. hayes
a text-book of the history of architecture by alfred d. f. hamlin
lights of the church and the light of science by thomas henry huxley
the merry-go-round by carl van vechten
life and matter by oliver lodge
peterkin by mary louisa molesworth
the suffrage cook book by l. o. kleber
casa braccio volumes 1 and 2 (of 2) by f. marion crawford
the inquisition by e. vacandard
hasisadra's adventure by thomas henry huxley
frenzied finance vol. 1 by thomas w. lawson
a child's primer of natural history by oliver herford
maurine and other poems by ella wheeler wilcox
the map of life by william edward hartpole lecky
the great events by famous historians volume 9 by various
cupology by clara
evolution of theology: an anthropological study by thomas henry huxley
of natural and supernatural things by basilius valentinus
on the structure of greek tribal society: an essay by hugh e. seebohm
chronicles of strathearn by various
letters of a dakota divorcee by jane burr
our bird comrades by leander s. keyser
lisbeth longfrock by hans aanrud
clarence by bret harte
woodward's country homes by george e. woodward and f. w. woodward
tom the bootblack by horatio alger
a brother to dragons and other old-time tales by amelie rives
is the young man absalom safe? by david wright
eastern tales by many story tellers by various
the historical nights' entertainment first series by rafael sabatini
the old man of the mountain the lovecharm & pietro of abano
the new testament of our lord and savior jesus christ by various
reincarnation and the law of karma by william walker atkinson
intestinal ills by alcinous burton jamison
the electric bath by george m. schweig
the ladies book of useful information by anonymous
amy harrison by amy harrison
youth by leo tolstoy
the cookery blue book by california
new york times current history; the european war v2 no. 4 jul 1915
the care of books by john willis clark
vice in its proper shape by anonymous
the idiot by fyodor dostoyevsky
complete story of the san francisco horror by
ancient america in notes on american archaeology by john d. baldwin
anna seward and classic lichfield by stapleton martin
separation and service by james hudson taylor
punch or the london charivari volume 104 january 7 1893 by various
dorothy on a ranch by evelyn raymond
villa rubein et al by john galsworthy
the two great retreats of history by george grote
the unknown wrestler by h. a. (hiram alfred) cody
the hero of garside school by j. harwood panting
the medicinal plants of the philippines by t. h. pardo de tavera
miracles and supernatural religion by james morris whiton
tudor and stuart love songs by various
main street and other poems by alfred joyce kilmer
buchanan's journal of man vol. 1 no. 5 june 1887 by various
the children of wilton chase by mrs. l. t. meade
a room with a view by e. m. forster
peak's island by ford paul
life and sport in china by oliver g. ready
fil and filippa by john stuart thomson
the naval history of the united states vol. 2 of 2
a sheaf of corn by mary e. mann
the life of gordon volume i by demetrius charles boulger
back home by eugene wood
the convert by elizabeth robins
great men and famous women vol. 1 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 2 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 3 of 8 by various
great men and famous women vol. 4 of 8 by various
microcosmography by john earle
nagualism by daniel g. brinton
cardinal newman as a musician by edward bellasis
nights with uncle remus by joel chandler harris
the history of john bull by john arbuthnot
essay on the creative imagination by th. ribot
children of our town by carolyn wells
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 number 385
the boys of crawford's basin by sidford f. hamp
the rubaiyat of a huffy husband by mary b. little
are the effects of use and disuse inherited? by william platt ball
the quarterly review volume 162 no. 324 april 1886 by various
isaac bickerstaff by richard steele
fire prevention and fire extinction by james braidwood
humanity in the city by e. h. chapin
true to his home by hezekiah butterworth
songs from the southland by various
the trial and execution for petit treason of mark and phillis
the dragon of wantley by owen wister
rambles of an archaeologist among old books and in old places
the second funeral of napoleon by william makepeace thackeray
a stable for nightmares or weird tales
punch volume 104 may 6 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
a history of lumsden's battery c.s.a. by george little
new observations on the natural history of bees by francis huber
john leech's pictures of life and character
life and letters of lord macaulay vol. 1 by george otto trevelyan
some naval yarns by mordaunt hall
the wallypug in london by g. e. farrow
george cruikshank by william makepeace thackeray
the romance of mathematics by p. hampson
madeline payne the detective's daughter by lawrence l. lynch
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 61 no. 380
the making of bobby burnit by george randolph chester
the dukeries by r. murray gilchrist
little lucy's wonderful globe by charlotte m. yonge
lord milner's work in south africa by w. basil worsfold
the sand-hills of jutland by hans christian andersen
studies of american fungi mushrooms by george francis atkinson
vera by oscar wilde
a system of logic ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
bertie and the gardeners by madeline leslie
peter cooper by rossiter w. raymond
the jucklins by opie read
anecdotes of dogs by edward jesse
speeches of his majesty kamehameha iv. to the hawaiian
the old hanging fork and other poems by george w. doneghy
journal of the third voyage for the discovery of a
the memoirs of general philip henry sheridan vol. 1
description of a new vespertilionine bat from yucatan by j.a. allen
a spelling-book for advanced classes by william t. adams
the iron pirate by max pemberton
the log of the sun by william beebe
journal of an american prisoner at fort malden and
to love by margaret peterson
george muller of bristol by arthur t. pierson
jessica letters: an editor's romance by paul elmer more
the huguenots in france by samuel smiles
stingaree by e. w. (ernest william) hornung
judith of the cumberlands by alice macgowan
odd numbers by sewell ford
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 1 1832-1843
the girl from sunset ranch by amy bell marlowe
the standard electrical dictionary by t. o'conor slone
madge morton's victory by amy d.v. chalmers
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 2 1843-1858
boy scouts in the canal zone by g. harvey ralphson
the vicar of bullhampton by anthony trollope
on the affinities of leptarctus primus of leidy by j. l. wortman
clematis by bertha b. cobb and ernest cobb
the dance festivals of the alaskan eskimo by ernest william hawkes
caps and capers by gabrielle e. jackson
children of the desert by louis dodge
government documents in small libraries by charles wells reeder
fruits of queensland by albert benson
turandot: the chinese sphinx by johann christoph
myths and marvels of astronomy by richard a. proctor
jim spurling fisherman by albert walter tolman
the crack of doom by robert cromie
the sheep eaters by william alonzo allen
seventh annual report of the bureau of ethnology
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 5 1858-1862
chips from a german workshop. volume iii by max m?r
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 6 1862-1863
the writings of abraham lincoln vol. 7 1863-1865
the place of honeymoons by harold macgrath
the condition and tendencies of technical education in
anna the adventuress by e. phillips oppenheim
how to behave: a pocket manual by samuel r wells
seasoning of wood by joseph b. wagner
a black adonis by linn boyd porter
confessio amantis by john gower
early australian voyages by john pinkerton abel tasman
mother earth vol. 1 no. 1 march 1906 ed. by emma goldman
gambia by frederick john melville
an account of the conquest of peru by pedro sancho
pearls of thought by maturin m. ballou
uncanny tales ed. by c. arthur pearson
the story of a mine by bret harte
the trail of the hawk by sinclair lewis
enthusiasm and other poems by susanna moodie
a pirate of parts by richard neville
ruth fielding at college by alice b. emerson
black beaver the trapper by james campbell lewis
minnie's pet dog by madeline leslie
minnie's pet parrot by madeline leslie
minnie's pet lamb by madeline leslie
under the greenwood tree by thomas hardy
minnie's pet horse by madeline leslie
the brass bell by eugene sue
the road to oz by l. frank baum
the boy scout automobilists by robert maitland
our little brown house a poem of west point by maria l. stewart
the island house by f. m. holmes
the mirror of taste and dramatic censor v1 no. 2 feb 1810
werwolves by elliott o'donnell
minna von barnhelm by gotthold ephraim lessing
second sight by sepharial
the rose garden husband by margaret widdemer
the mystery of the green ray by william le queux
pictorial composition and the critical judgement of pictures
a brief commentary on the apocalypse 2nd edn. by sylvester bliss
zanoni by edward bulwer lytton
the humbugs of the world by p. t. barnum
the submarine hunters by percy f. westerman
wilmshurst of the frontier force by percy f. westerman
the work of christ by a. c. gaebelein
friendship village by zona gale
two daring young patriots by w. p. shervill
the book of romance by various
nuts for future historians to crack by various
the professor at the breakfast table by oliver wendell holmes sr.
the ducks and frogs by fanny fire-fly
standards of life and service by t. h. howard
up the baltic young america in norway sweden and denmark
peter and wendy by james matthew barrie
birds illustrated by color photography [august 1897] by various
the motor pirate by george sidney paternoster
celebrated travels and travellers part 3 by jules verne
the will to believe and other essays in popular philosophy
the poet at the breakfast table by oliver wendell holmes sr.
plays complete edition including the posthumous
the power of darkness by leo tolstoy
the first distiller by leo tolstoy
fruits of culture by leo tolstoy
the cause of it all by leo tolstoy
the light shines in darkness by leo tolstoy
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 1 of 3
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 2 of 3
the strange adventures of captain dangerous vol. 3 of 3
the vicar of wakefield by oliver goldsmith
making a fireplace by henry h. saylor
the boy crusaders by john g. edgar
bookbinding and the care of books by douglas cockerell
at the sign of the jack o'lantern by myrtle reed
the life and times of john wilkins by patrick a. wright-henderson
the masque of the elements by herman scheffauer
athelstane ford by allen upward
a village of vagabonds by f. berkeley smith
the life and adventures of baron trenck vol. 1
donahoe's magazine volume 15 no. 2 february 1886 by various
the girl wanted by nixon waterman
piracy off the florida coast and elsewhere by samuel a. green
black spirits and white by ralph adams cram
history manners and customs of the north american indians
the life and adventures of baron trenck vol. 2
the pirates of panama by john exquemeling
sanctification by j. w. byers
a daughter of raasay by william macleod raine
punch vol. 147 august 26th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
make or break by oliver optic
principles of mining by herbert c. hoover
privy seal by ford madox ford
the touchstone by edith wharton
love-songs of childhood by eugene field
saronia by richard short
studies in love and in terror by marie belloc lowndes
a woman at bay by nicholas carter
the caravan route between egypt and syria by ludwig salvator
manual of military training by james a. moss
punch vol. 104 may 13 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
lord teach us to pray by andrew murray
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 1
the captain's bunk by m. b. manwell
victorian songs by various
the crown of wild olive by john ruskin
health on the farm by h. f. harris
an anarchist woman by hutchins hapgood
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 2
a little maid of ticonderoga by alice turner curtis
two little confederates by thomas nelson page
pascal by john tulloch
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 3
turandot princess of china by karl gustav vollmoller
charles i by jacob abbott
stories & legends of travel and history for children
stories of many lands by grace greenwood
the complete writings of charles dudley warner vol. 4
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
the chautauqua girls at home by pansy
a retrospect by james hudson taylor
travels in peru on the coast in the sierra across the
burlesques by william makepeace thackeray
memorial address on the life and character of abraham
the way to geometry by peter ramus
notes and queries number 183 april 30 1853 by various
one thousand secrets of wise and rich men revealed by c. a. bogardus
cornwall's wonderland by mabel quiller-couch
the bell-ringer of angel's and other stories by bret harte
memories of bethany by john ross macduff
notes and queries number 208 october 22 1853 by various
ringfield by susie frances harrison
punch vol. 104 may 20 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
notes and queries index of vol. 3 jan-jun 1851 by various
alcohol: a dangerous and unnecessary medicine how and why
lewis and clark by william r. lighton
the ocean wireless boys and the wireless code by captain wilbur lawton
the ghost by william d. o'connor
poems of emily dickinson series one
letters on the nicobar islands their natural productions
the story of the kearsarge and alabama by a. k. browne
alf the freebooter translated by george borrow
brown william translated by george borrow
emelian the fool translated by george borrow
poems of emily dickinson series two
the brother avenged translated by george borrow
ermeline translated by george borrow
grimmer and kamper translated by george borrow
the expedition to birting's land translated by george borrow
the american missionary vol. 49 no. 2 february 1895 by various
no sect in heaven by anonymous
narrative of the captivity of william biggs by william biggs
the octopus by frank norris
meditations by marcus aurelius
hortus vitae by violet paget
village improvements and farm villages by george e. waring
king diderik translated by george borrow
king hacon's death translated by george borrow
little engel translated by george borrow
a red wallflower by susan warner
the old helmet volume i by susan warner
the old helmet volume ii by susan warner
marsk stig translated by george borrow
marsk stig's daughters translated by george borrow
niels ebbesen and germand gladenswayne translated by george borrow
the nightingale the valkyrie and raven translated by george borrow
where the souls of men are calling by credo harris and john r. neill
cases of organic diseases of the heart by john collins warren
a history of the french novel vol. 1 by george saintsbury
five tales by john galsworthy
tin foil and its combinations for filling teeth by henry l. ambler
the sense of beauty by george santayana
borneo and the indian archipelago by frank s. marryat
a pessimist by robert timsol
the works of mr. george gillespie by george gillespie
the way to peace by margaret deland
the blue germ by martin swayne
crossing the plains days of '57 by william audley maxwell
the book of snobs by william makepeace thackeray
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
the temple of nature; or the origin of society by erasmus darwin
poems for pale people by edwin c. ranck
the corsair king by mor jokai
the tale of lal by raymond paton
the snare by rafael sabatini
on the uncertainty of the signs of murder in
rock of ages by a. m. toplady
the boy scout fire fighters by robert maitland
the repairing & restoration of violins by horace petherick
the clue of the twisted candles by edgar wallace
the bronze age in ireland by george coffey
the gospel of luke by charles r. erdman
the backwash of war by ellen n. la motte
the looking-glass for the mind by m. berquin
the pools of silence by h. de vere stacpoole
over the teacups by oliver wendell holmes sr.
chasing an iron horse by edward robins
the new avatar and the destiny of the soul by jirah d. buck
the associate hermits by frank r. stockton
notes and queries number 76 april 12 1851 by various
notes and queries number 77 april 19 1851 by various
notes and queries number 78 april 26 1851 by various
notes and queries number 79 may 3 1851 by various
beasts and super-beasts by saki
coral reefs by charles darwin
report of the lords commissioners for trade and plantations
a history of the nineteenth century year by year by edwin emerson
the rover boys in alaska by arthur m. winfield
northern lights by gilbert parker
the cornwall coast by arthur l. salmon
conversations on chemistry vol. 1-2 by jane marcet
historical introductions to the symbolical books
nan sherwood at pine camp by annie roe carr
stories of authors british and american by edwin watts chubb
crooked trails and straight by william macleod raine
song-waves by theodore h. rand
spectra by arthur ficke and witter bynner
the new education by scott nearing
a protegee of jack hamlin's and other stories by bret harte
the bradys beyond their depth by anonymous
greyfriars bobby by eleanor atkinson
over the top with the 25th by r. lewis
visions and revisions by john cowper powys
shawn of skarrow by james tandy ellis
syllabus of kentucky folk-songs by hubert g. shearin
esoteric christianity or the lesser mysteries by annie besant
richard i by jacob abbott
i and my chimney by herman melville
the beautiful by vernon lee
lippincott's magazine december 1878 by various
the defence of stonington (connecticut) against a british
modern women and what is said of them by anonymous
jeff briggs's love story by bret harte
'firebrand' trevison by charles alden seltzer
eric by mrs. s. b. c. samuels
jessie carlton by francis forrester
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 4 april 1810
captain richard ingle by edward ingle
elsie venner by oliver wendell holmes sr.
famous privateersmen and adventurers of the sea
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 17
the atlantic monthly volume 18 no. 109 november 1866 by various
heroes and hunters of the west by anonymous
punch vol. 147 august 19th 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the guardian angel by oliver wendell holmes sr.
hester's counterpart by jean k. baird
prisoners their own warders by j. f. a. mcnair and w. d. bayliss
chapters in rural progress by kenyon l. butterfield
salem witchcraft and cotton mather by charles w. upham
a mortal antipathy by oliver wendell holmes sr.
with haig on the somme by d. h. parry
killykinick by mary t. waggaman
the ghost girl by h. de vere stacpoole
the brown mouse by herbert quick
pages from an old volume of life by oliver wendell holmes sr.
holy in christ by andrew murray
a short system of english grammar by henry bate
the wind before the dawn by dell h. munger
the copper princess by kirk munroe
when life was young by c. a. stephens
montezuma's castle and other weird tales by charles b. cory
the american missionary volume 50 no. 05 may 1896 by various
peter pan in kensington gardens by j. m. barrie
peter pan in kensington gardens by j. m. barrie
dream days by kenneth grahame
medical essays by oliver wendell holmes sr.
what the moon saw: and other tales by hans christian andersen
narrative of richard lee mason in the pioneer west 1819
notes and queries number 203 september 17 1853 by various
notes and queries number 204 september 24 1853 by various
notes and queries number 206 october 8 1853 by various
notes and queries number 207 october 15 1853 by various
notes and queries number 210 november 5 1853 by various
notes and queries number 211 november 12 1853 by various
notes and queries number 212 november 19 1853 by various
moby dick; or the whale by herman melville
notes and queries number 213 november 26 1853 by various
notes and queries number 214 december 3 1853 by various
the farmer boy and how he became commander-in-chief
trade and travel in the far east by g. f. davidson
the lion's skin by rafael sabatini
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 62 no. 382 october 1847
an explorer's adventures in tibet by a. henry savage landor
the path of dreams by leigh gordon giltner
old familiar faces by theodore watts-dunton
a chronicle of london from 1089 to 1483 by anonymous
the argonauts of north liberty by bret harte
sally dows and other stories by bret harte
the trail to yesterday by charles alden seltzer
punch vol. 147 september 2nd 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
louis xiv. makers of history series by john s. c. abbott
ireland and poland by thomas william rolleston
the indian question (1874) by francis a. walker
the bravo of venice by heinrich zschokke
the rider of waroona by firth scott
the hero by william somerset maugham
a manual: or an easy method of managing bees by john m. weeks
making a lawn by luke joseph doogue
the fixed period by anthony trollope
sonnets from the crimea by adam mickiewicz
the history of herodotus vol. 1 of 2 by herodotus
the third miss symons by flora macdonald mayor
the flying doctor by jean baptiste poquelin de moli?
the jealousy of le barbouille by jean baptiste poquelin de moli?
dangers of the trail in 1865 by charles e. young
senate resolution 6 41st congress 1st session by u.s. senate
columba by prosper merimee
g. k. chesterton a critical study by julius west
the subjection of women by john stuart mill
the dodge club by james de mille
foma gordyeff by maxim gorky
black beauty by anna sewell
life of rear admiral john randolph tucker by james henry rochelle
the ground plan of the english parish church by a. hamilton thompson
the little russian servant by henri greville
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 5 may 1810
a phyllis of the sierras by bret harte
first history of new brunswick by peter fisher
children's books and their illustrators by gleeson white
narrative of a voyage to india; of a shipwreck on
ancient states and empires by john lord
the cattle-baron's daughter by harold bindloss
mother earth vol. 1 no. 2 april 1906 by various
a drift from redwood camp by bret harte
the splash of a drop by a. m. worthington
'all's well!' by john oxenham
the philippine islands 1493-1898 vol. 26 by various
the no breakfast plan and the fasting-cure by edward hooker dewey
lyrics from the song-books of the elizabethan age by various
maiwa's revenge by h. rider haggard
a pindarick ode on painting by thomas morrison
the vaudois of piedmont by john napper worsfold
six days on the hurricane deck of a mule by almira stillwell cole
mirror of taste and dramatic censor vol. i no. 6 june 1810
a leaf from the old forest by j. d. cossar
long live the king by mary roberts rinehart
select temperance tracts by american tract society
the real thing and other tales by henry james
memoirs and correspondence of admiral lord de saumarez. vol ii
a visit to java by w. basil worsfold
spare hours by john brown
fibble d. d. by irvin shrewsbury cobb
historic boys by elbridge streeter brooks
sir dominick ferrand by henry james
records of woodhall spa and neighbourhood by j. conway walter
'our guy' by mrs. e. e. boyd
a little country girl by susan coolidge
suspended judgments by john cowper powys
seven and nine years among the camanches and apaches by edwin eastman
the faith doctor by edward eggleston
fern vale (volume 1) by colin munro
nona vincent by henry james
an account of the expedition to carthagena by sir charles knowles
the lost ten tribes and 1882 by joseph wild
the chaperon by henry james
prof. koch's method to cure tuberculosis popularly treated
more peers verses by hilaire belloc
the gate of appreciation by carleton noyes
a warwickshire lad by george madden martin
the wonder by j. d. beresford
bethink yourselves by leo tolstoi
greville fane by henry james
pussy and doggy tales by edith nesbit
political women (vol. 1 of 2) by sutherland menzies
the enjoyment of art by carleton noyes
cheap postage by joshua leavitt
modern spiritualism by uriah smith
the explorer by w. somerset maugham
japanese prints by john gould fletcher
an open letter on translating by martin luther
fairy tales of hans christian andersen by hans christian andersen
woman on her own false gods & the red robe by eug? brieux
eric brighteyes by h. rider haggard
morning star by h. rider haggard
the minstrel; or the progress of genius by james beattie
eyebright by susan coolidge
the writing of the short story by lewis worthington smith
a woman's will by anne warner
an essay on the antient and modern state of ireland by henry brooke
moon lore by timothy harley
a first family of tasajara by bret harte
the voyage of the first hessian army from portsmouth to
the riflemen of the miami by edward s. ellis
the white mice by richard harding davis
the critic in the orient by george hamlin fitch
my father as i recall him by mamie dickens
the voyage alone in the yawl rob roy by john macgregor
an essay on the scriptural doctrine of immortality by james challis
little downy by catharine parr traill
pyrrhus by jacob abbott
the fulfilment of a dream of pastor hsi's by a. mildred cable
operations upon the sea by franz edelsheim
food for the traveler by dora cathrine cristine liebel roper
red pepper burns by grace s. richmond
some say by laura elizabeth howe richards
the land of the blessed virgin; sketches and impressions
the discovery of america vol. 1 (of 2) by john fiske
a pioneer railway of the west by maude ward lafferty
electricity for the farm by frederick irving anderson
from slave to college president by godfrey holden pike
a soldier in the philippines by needom n. freeman
eight cousins by louisa m. alcott
east of suez by frederic courtland penfield
mother earth vol. 1 no. 3 may 1906 by various
the wagnerian romances by gertrude hall
the seventh day sabbath a perpetual sign by joseph bates
ariadne florentina by john ruskin
allan's wife by h. rider haggard
india's problem krishna or christ by john p. jones
dolly reforming herself by henry arthur jones
the works of aphra behn vol. iv by aphra behn
manures and the principles of manuring by charles morton aikman
the angel of thought and other poems by ethel allen murphy
little brothers of the air by olive thorne miller
southern literature from 1579-1895 by louise manly
the praise of a godly woman by hannibal gamon
the talking horse by f. anstey
the foot-path way by bradford torrey
gas and oil engines simply explained by walter c. runciman
golden days for boys and girls vol. 8 no. 25 may 21 1887
the life of trust: being a narrative of the lord's
the life of napoleon bonaparte vol. iii by william milligan sloane
a tale of three lions by h. rider haggard
sketch of the life & services of otho holland williams
path flower and other verses by olive t. dargan
nothing to say by q.k. philander doesticks
the young adventurer by horatio alger
the rural life problem of the united states by horace curzon plunkett
the last american by j. a. mitchell
the christmas books by m. a. titmarsh
nero by jacob abbott
that gospel sermon on the blessed hope by dwight lyman moody
the cheerful smugglers by ellis parker butler
ballads by william makepeace thackeray
st. john's college cambridge by robert forsyth scott
fairy book by sophie may
an appeal to the british nation on the humanity and policy of
bird of paradise by ada leverson
where deep seas moan by e. gallienne-robin
my sword's my fortune by herbert hayens
pan and aeolus: poems by charles hamilton musgrove
three women by ella wheeler wilcox
from the car behind by eleanor m. ingram
baseball joe around the world by lester chadwick
outdoor sketching by francis hopkinson smith
mother earth vol. 1 no. 4 june 1906 by various
athalie by robert w. chambers
the faithful promiser by john ross macduff
appearances by goldsworthy lowes dickinson
personal friendships of jesus by j. r. miller
the golden dog by william kirby
shapes that haunt the dusk by various
archaeological essays vol. 1 by james y. simpson
chelsea by geraldine edith mitton
the champdoce mystery by emile gaboriau
punch september 9 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
burl by morrison heady
tales of space and time by herbert george wells
a journey in russia in 1858 by robert heywood
the cult of incompetence by emile faguet
poems by mary baker eddy
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
flora lyndsay by susan moodie
a young man in a hurry by robert w. chambers
a little maid of massachusetts colony by alice turner curtis
the story of the heavens by robert stawell ball
the sequel by george a. taylor
the regent's daughter by alexandre dumas (pere)
the conspirators by alexandre dumas (pere)
house of john procter witchcraft martyr 1692 by william p. upham
more letters of charles darwin vol 1 of 2
a new guide for emigrants to the west by j. m. peck
the slave of silence by fred m. white
proud signild translated by george borrow
more letters of charles darwin vol. 2 of 2
the martian by george du maurier
poems & ballads (second series) by algernon charles swinburne
ulf van yern translated by george borrow
axel thordson and fair valborg translated by george borrow
the return of the dead translated by george borrow
mollie charane translated by george borrow
the king's wake translated by george borrow
the borgias by alexandre dumas pere
travels in france during the years 1814-1815
the house with the mezzanine and other stories by anton tchekoff
the cenci by alexandre dumas pere
through the malay archipelago by emily richings
elkan lubliner american by montague glass
major frank by a. l. g. bosboom-toussaint
massacres of the south by alexandre dumas pere
the critical period of american history by john fiske
the adventures of daniel boone: the kentucky rifleman by uncle philip
the fifth queen crowned by ford madox ford
doctor jones' picnic by s. e. chapman
the faith of our fathers by james cardinal gibbons
brand blotters by william macleod raine
'me-smith' by caroline lockhart
mary stuart by alexandre dumas pere
punch vol. 147 september 16 1914 ed. by sir owen seaman
the children's garland from the best poets by various
the indian today by charles a. eastman
karl-ludwig sand by alexandre dumas pere
a history of english literature by george saintsbury
a tour of the missions by augustus hopkins strong
the woman who dared by epes sargent
prometheus bound and seven against thebes by aeschylus
urbain grandier by alexandre dumas pere
the wonders of the jungle book two by prince sarath ghosh
birds in the calendar by frederick g. aflalo
el kab by j.e. quibell
stories to read or tell from fairy tales and folklore
nisida by alexandre dumas pere
the story of a cat by emile gigault de la bedolliere
hafbur and signe translated by george borrow
queen berngerd the bard and the dreams translated by george borrow
that girl montana by marah ellis ryan
the sign of the spider by bertram mitford
astronomical instruments and accessories by wm. gaertner & co
encyclopaedia britannica 11th ed. vol. 3 pt. 1 slice 2 by various
derues by alexandre dumas pere
a wayfarer in china by elizabeth kendall
journal of a visit to constantinople and some of the greek
the critics versus shakspere by francis a. smith
lectures on the french revolution by john emerich edward dalberg-acton
la constantin by alexandre dumas pere
punch vol. 104 may 27 1893 ed. by sir francis burnand
the patriotic poems of walt whitman by walt whitman
continental monthly vol. 4 no 3 september 1863 by various
folk-lore and legends: german by anonymous
the confession of faith by various
joan of naples by alexandre dumas pere
the new theology by r. j. campbell
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi no. 3 july 1908 by various
sketch of handel and beethoven by thomas hanly ball
on the equator by harry de windt
lorimer of the northwest by harold bindloss
winning the wilderness by margaret hill mccarter
political women vol. 2 (of 2) by sutherland menzies
the giant's robe by f. anstey
the king's warrant by alfred h. engelbach
the man in an iron mask (an essay) by alexandre dumas pere
select masterpieces of biblical literature by various
the free range by elwell lawrence
state trials political and social vol. 1 of 2 by various
the toilers of the field by richard jefferies
change in the village by george sturt (a.k.a. george bourne)
martin guerre by alexandre dumas pere
a sailor of king george by frederick hoffman
the watchers of the plains by ridgewell cullum
virginia of elk creek valley by mary ellen chase
hampton court by walter jerrold
rules and regulations of the insane asylum of california
the peace negotiations by j. d. kestell and d. e. van velden
ali pacha by alexandre dumas pere
the tailor and the crow by l. leslie brooke
a manual of moral philosophy by andrew preston peabody
the struggles of brown jones and robinson by anthony trollope
cobwebs from a library corner by john kendrick bangs
sentimental education volume ii by gustave flaubert
notes and queries no. 209 october 29 1853 by various
the countess of saint-geran by alexandre dumas pere
maldita felicidade by alexandre da costa
british borneo by w. h. treacher
art of promoting the growth of the cucumber & melon by thomas watkins
the seven secrets by william le queux
murat by alexandre dumas pere
the mother by norman duncan
hannibal by jacob abbott
representative plays by american dramatists: 1856-1911
lord john russell by stuart j. reid
across the equator by thomas h. reid
learning to fly by claude grahame-white and harry harper
the marquise de brinvilliers by alexandre dumas pere
the boy chums in the forest by wilmer m. ely
the great events by famous historians volume 07 by various
heart's-ease by phillips brooks
little folks (july 1884) by various
aunt jo's scrap-bag vi by louisa m. alcott
sketches of our life at sarawak by harriette mcdougall
vaninka by alexandre dumas pere
buchanan's journal of man july 1887 v.1 no.6 ed. by j.r. buchanan
christianity and greek philosophy by benjamin franklin cocker
dickens-land by j. a. nicklin
madame bovary by gustave flaubert
little folks (septemeber 1884) by various
the works of lord byron vol. 7 by george gordon byron
two years with the natives in the western pacific by felix speiser
stephen arnold douglas by william garrott brown
the marquise de ganges by alexandre dumas pere
raleigh by edmund gosse
the importance of the proof-reader by john wilson
baseball joe in the big league by lester chadwick
hilaire belloc by c. creighton mandell and edward shanks
the mentor: the war of 1812 by albert bushnell hart
a victor of salamis by william stearns davis
coronation anecdotes by giles gossip
the birthright by joseph hocking
an eagle flight by jose rizal
the english utilitarians volume i by leslie stephen
celebrated crimes complete by alexandre dumas pere
zoonomia vol. ii by erasmus darwin
hawtrey's deputy by harold bindloss
the true story book ed. by andrew lang
the red true story book ed. by andrew lang
a history of the japanese people by frank brinkley
notes and queries number 227 march 4 1854 ed. by george bell
rosin the beau by laura elizabeth howe richards
benita an african romance by h. rider haggard
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 number 361 november 1845
christmas eve at swamp's end by norman duncan
reels and spindles by evelyn raymond
notes and queries number 219 january 7 1854 by various
the vanishing race by joseph dixon
the end of a coil by susan warner
the brethren by h. rider haggard
mrs. hungerford by helen c. black
the story of my first novel; how a novel is written
how to marry well by mrs. hungerford
captain desmond v.c. by maud diver
the world's desire by h. rider haggard and andrew lang
a princess in calico by edith ferguson black
transactions of the american society of civil engineers
to mars via the moon by mark wicks
new vegetarian dishes by mrs. bowdich
the mahatma and the hare by h. rider haggard
lectures in navigation by ernest gallaudet draper
lucille triumphant by elizabeth m. duffield
the orchestral conductor by hector berlioz
the economist vol. 1 no. 3 ed. by james wilson
buchanan's journal of man august 1887 vol. 1 no. 7 by various
the lady from the sea by henrik ibsen
the doers by william john hopkins
the two hundredth anniversary of the settlement of the town
the story of the prophet jonas by anonymous
the red acorn by john mcelroy
a book without a title by george jean nathan
master of the vineyard by myrtle reed
scientific american supplement no. 488 may 9 1885 by various
original sonnets on various subjects; and odes paraphrased
seek and find by oliver optic
scientific american supplement no. 647 may 26 1888 by various
the johnstown horror by james herbert walker
the treason and death of benedict arnold by john jay chapman
oedipus king of thebes by sophocles
the boy volunteers with the submarine fleet by kenneth ward
daisy dare and baby power by rosa vertner jeffrey
nine little goslings by susan coolidge
uncle sam's boys as sergeants by h. irving hancock
paris sketch book of mr. m. a. titmarsh by william makepeace thackeray
uncle sam's boys in the ranks by h. irving hancock
the panchronicon by harold steele mackaye
the world i live in by helen keller
steam turbines by hubert e. collins
cleopatra by h. rider haggard
romulus makers of history by jacob abbott
little folks (october 1884) by various
the mouse and the moonbeam by eugene field
principles of political economy vol. 1 of 2 by william roscher
mcclure's magazine vol 31 no 2 june 1908 by various
five little peppers and how they grew by margaret sidney
the rose-jar by thomas samuel jones
mr. stubbs's brother by james otis
buchanan's journal of man september 1887 vol. 1 no. 8 by various
memoirs of the court & cabinets of george the third vol. 2
five o'clock tea by w. d. howells
the island pharisees by john galsworthy
lives of the engineers by samuel smiles
germinie lacerteux by edmond and jules de goncourt
sir harry hotspur of humblethwaite by anthony trollope
the elements of bacteriological technique by john william henry eyre
the american missionary - volume 54 no. 01 january 1900 by various
buchanan's journal of man october 1887 by various
parables from flowers by gertrude p. dyer
the country house by john galsworthy
the works of theophile gautier volume 5 by theophile gautier
tolstoy on shakespeare by leo tolstoy
within the golden gate by laura young pinney
in court and kampong by hugh clifford
fraternity by john galsworthy
the doomsman by van tassel sutphen
the new world by witter bynner
city crimes by greenhorn
through siberia and manchuria by rail by oliver george ready
in the great steep's garden by elizabeth madox roberts
le petit chose (part 1) by alphonse daudet
poetical works of matthew arnold by matthew arnold
the patrician by john galsworthy
a letter to the right honorable the lord chancellor on
colonel carter's christmas and the romance of an
popular education by ira mayhew
through finland in carts by ethel brilliana alec-tweedie
remarks on clarissa (1749) by sarah fielding
the true story of the american flag by john h. fow
personal recollections from early life to old age of
popular lectures on zoonomia by thomas garnett
from jungle to java by arthur keyser
the good soldier by ford madox ford
admiral farragut by a. t. mahan
the hilltop boys by cyril burleigh
aphrodisiacs and anti-aphrodisiacs by john davenport
the flower basket by unknown
buchanan's journal of man november 1887 by various
luca signorelli by maud cruttwell
the four million by o. henry
hamlet by william shakespeare
journal of a young man of massachusetts 2nd ed.
dramatic reader for lower grades by florence holbrook
a yeoman's letters by p. t. ross
romance of roman villas by elizbeth williams champney
slavery: what it was; has done by cydnor bailey tompkins
cabbages and kings by o. henry
the battaile of agincourt by michael drayton
lafayette by martha foote crow
outlines of dairy bacteriology 8th edition by h. l. russell
solomon crow's christmas pockets & other tales by ruth mcenery stuart
jewel by clara louise burnham
revised edition of poems by william wright
tales of the malayan coast by rounsevelle wildman
a book about lawyers by john cordy jeaffreson
the rough road by william john locke
a royal prisoner by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
a practical enquiry into the philosophy of education by james gall
child and country by will levington comfort
fantmas by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
apologia diffidentis by w. compton leith
buchanan's journal of man december 1887 by various
the silver lining by john roussel
holland v. 1 (of 2) by edmondo de amicis
children of borneo by edwin herbert gomes
darius the great by jacob abbott
the boarding school by unknown
the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame
just so stories by rudyard kipling
chips from a german workshop vol. v. by f. max m?r
buchanan's journal of man january 1888 by various
merry-garden and other stories by sir arthur thomas quiller-couch
feuerbach: the roots of the socialist philosophy by frederick engels
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 2 december 1875 by various
gycia by lewis morris
blackwood's edinburgh magazine august 1845 by various
round games with cards by w. h. peel
wilhelm tell by johann christoph friedrich von schiller
a history of mediaeval jewish philosophy by isaac husik
little folks (november 1884) by various
the olive fairy book by various
the kama sutra of vatsyayana by vatsyayana
introduction to the history of religions by crawford howell toy
the trampling of the lilies by rafael sabatini
conversation by mary greer conklin
colonel starbottle's client and other stories by bret harte
hymns of the greek church by john brownlie
th' history o' haworth railway by bill o'th' hoylus end
the elusive pimpernel by baroness emmuska orczy
the young alaskans in the rockies by emerson hough
a christmas faggot by alfred gurney
gold dust by e. l. e. b.
how the flag became old glory by emma look scott
the dominant dollar by will lillibridge
jack and jill by louisa may alcott
the message by alec john dawson
kathay: a cruise in the china seas by w. hastings macaulay
the cauliflower by a. a. crozier
ainslee's vol. 15 no. 5 june 1905 by various
george borrow in east anglia by william a. dutt
great britain at war by jeffery farnol
scientific american magazine vol. 2 issue 1 by various
a theodicy by albert taylor bledsoe
the seven seas by rudyard kipling
the spirit of rome by vernon lee
foot-prints of travel by maturin m. ballou
an abridgment of the architecture of vitruvius by vitruvius
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution vol. xi various
little men by louisa may alcott
evening dress by w. d. howells
in ch?au land by anne hollingsworth wharton
kosciuszko by monica mary gardner
niels klim's journey under the ground by baron ludvig holberg
ainslee's vol. 15 no. 6 july 1905 by various
india and the indians by edward f. elwin
wild animals at home by ernest thompson seton
making people happy by thompson buchanan
familiar quotations by john bartlett
the motor girls on a tour by margaret penrose
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 september 23 1914 by various
the pearl of lima by jules verne
the kopje garrison by george manville fenn
jewish literature and other essays by gustav karpeles
bird-lover in the west by olive thorne miller and harriet mann miller
the magic world by edith nesbit
the voyage of the aurora by harry collingwood
hunting the skipper by george manville fenn
fix bay'nets by george manville fenn
essays and tales by joseph addison
under the ensign of the rising sun by harry collingwood
the giraffe hunters by mayne reid
gloucester moors and other poems by william vaughn moody
the quadroon by mayne reid
gabriel and the hour book by evaleen stein
the strange adventures of mr. middleton by wardon allan curtis
the mines and its wonders by w.h.g. kingston
my ten years imprisonment by silvio pellico
ben comee by michael joseph canavan
betty leicester by sarah orne jewett
mugby junction by charles dickens
the art of disappearing by john talbot smith
in eastern seas by j. j. smith
the lady of loyalty house by justin huntly mccarthy
david fleming's forgiveness by margaret murray robertson
forest neighbors by william davenport hulbert
it and other stories by gouverneur morris
under fire by frank andrew munsey
laurus nobilis by vernon lee
found at blazing star by bret harte
a system of logic ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
the home medical library volume i (of vi) by kenelm winslow
the home medical library volume ii (of vi) by kenelm winslow
the home medical library volume v (of vi) by kenelm winslow
bob son of battle by alfred ollivant
the rhodesian by gertrude page
policeman bluejay by l. frank baum
the enchanted castle by hartwell james
the new nation by frederic l. paxson
handbook of the new york public library by new york public library
plain facts by g. a. bauman
in convent walls by emily sarah holt
memoirs of mr. charles j. yellowplush by william makepeace thackeray
one snowy night by emily sarah holt
history of education by levi seeley
the dop doctor by clotilde inez mary graves
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 september 30 1914
the county regiment by dudley landon vaill
the wolves and the lamb by william makepeace thackeray
a lover's litanies by eric mackay
delineations of the ox tribe by george vasey
a dictionary of austral english by edward morris
commentary on genesis vol. ii by martin luther
the queen of the pirate isle by bret harte
wood rangers by mayne reid
the plant hunters by mayne reid
the ocean waifs by mayne reid
the orphans of glen elder by margaret murray robertson
ralph gurney's oil speculation by james otis
marjorie dean by pauline lester
judith lynn by annie hamilton donnell
glory and the other girl by annie hamilton donnell
museum of antiquity by l. w. yaggy and t. l. haines
eben holden a tale of the north country by irving bacheller
theo by mrs. frances hodgson burnett
the blue bird for children by georgette leblanc
bruin by mayne reid
the history of london by walter besant
the free lances by mayne reid
robert orange by john oliver hobbes
the new tenant by e. phillips oppenheim
dante: his times and his work by arthur john butler
the koran
supplement to punch or the london charivari
a little tour of france by henry james
the perpetual curate by mrs [margaret] oliphant
little folks (december 1884) by various
under the southern cross by elizabeth robins
the commonwealth of oceana by james harrington
tomato culture: a practical treatise on the tomato
the american quarterly review no. 17 march 1831 by various
old new england traits by anonymous
in the tail of the peacock by isabel savory
otherwise phyllis by meredith nicholson
birds in the bush by bradford torrey
ramona by helen hunt jackson
history of woman suffrage volume i (of 3) by gage
pictures and stories from uncle tom's cabin by unknown
the story of john g. paton by james paton
great pianists on piano playing by james francis cooke
scottish football reminiscences and sketches by david drummond bone
the rise of david levinsky by abraham cahan
sprays of shamrock by clinton scollard
the wild huntress by mayne reid
scenes in the hawaiian islands and california by mary evarts anderson
public school education by michael m?r
in doublet and hose by lucy foster madison
watch and wait by oliver optic
history of woman suffrage volume ii (of 3)
rose in bloom by louisa may alcott
robin tremayne by emily sarah holt
selections from the poems and plays of robert browning
critical and historical essays volume iii (of 3) by macaulay
women as sex vendors by r. b. tobias and mary e. marcy
john brown: a retrospect by alfred roe
celebration in baltimore of the triumph of liberty in france
the brothers karamazov by fyodor dostoyevsky
highways and byways in surrey by eric parker
a text-book of precious stones for jewelers and
a lost hero by elizabeth stuart phelps ward and herbert d. ward
the phantom 'rickshaw and other ghost stories by rudyard kipling
relations of the federal government to slavery joseph ketchum edgerton
the pecan and its culture by h. harold hume
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the spirit of american government by j. allen smith
alice in blunderland by john kendrick bangs
to have and to hold by mary johnston
a man of two countries by alice harriman
a history of art in chald?& assyria v. 1
a yacht voyage to norway denmark and sweden by w. a. ross
the buccaneer by mrs. s. c. hall
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
friends in feathers and fur and other neighbors by james johonnot
the honest american voter's little catechism for 1880
treatises on friendship and old age by marcus tullius cicero
tuskegee & its people: their ideals and achievements by various
the beth book by sarah grand
main-travelled roads by hamlin garland
hints on driving by c. s. ward
the double four by edward phillips oppenheim
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 7 1914 by various
the confessions of ars? lupin by maurice leblanc
mediaeval tales by various
the lilac fairy book by andrew lang
english: composition and literature by william franklin webster
holiday tales by w. h. h. murray
wigwam evenings by charles alexander eastman
father damien by robert louis stevenson
plunkitt of tammany hall by george washington plunkitt
the van dwellers by albert bigelow paine
the transfiguration of miss philura by florence morse kingsley
the doctrines of predestination reprobation and election
the pulpit of the reformation nos. 1 2 3 and 4.
a learned dissertation on dumpling (1726) by anonymous
the complete golfer by harry vardon
the pennyles pilgrimage by john taylor
how to make rugs by candace wheeler
letters of pliny
jimsy by leona dalrymple
alonzo and melissa by daniel jackson jr. and isaac mitchell
the great sioux trail by joseph a. altsheler
the red watch by j. a. currie
india its life and thought by john p. jones
the scarlet feather by houghton townley
dear santa claus by various
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the nursery january 1877 volume xxi no. 1 by various
the grand babylon hotel by arnold bennett
the nursery february 1877 vol. xxi no. 2 by various
the nursery march 1877 vol xxi no. 3 by various
the nursery april 1877 vol. xxi no. 4 by various
the nursery may 1877 vol. xxi no. 5 by various
the nursery june 1877 vol. xxi no. 6 by various
the nursery july 1877 xxii no. 1 by various
the nursery august 1877 vol. xxii no. 2 by various
the nursery september 1877 vol. xxii no. 3 by various
the nursery october 1877 vol. xxii no. 4 by various
the nursery november 1877 vol. xxii no. 5 by various
dubliners by james joyce
the nursery december 1877 vol. xxii no. 6 by various
the nursery february 1878 vol. xxiii no. 2 by various
the nursery march 1878 vol. xxiii no. 3 by various
the nursery april 1878 vol. xxiii no. 4 by various
attack by edward g. d. liveing
on the future of our educational institutions by friedrich nietzsche
letters on the cholera morbus by james gillkrest and william fergusson
cotton is king and the pro-slavery arguments by various
her ladyship's elephant by david dwight wells
sword and pen by john algernon owens
a student's history of england v. 1 (of 3) by samuel rawson gardiner
history of the war in south africa 1899-1902 v. 1-4
the city of the sun by tommaso campanells
the master mummer by e. phillips oppenheim
the invader by margaret l. woods
the big bow mystery by i. zangwill
adventures of a squirrel supposed to be related by himself
a modern mercenary by kate prichard
memoirs to illustrate the history of my time
chamber music by james joyce
they shall not pass by frank h. simonds
a solemn caution against the ten horns of calvinism by thomas taylor
the private library by arthur l. humphreys
insects and diseases by rennie w. doane
the inglises by margaret murray robertson
beautiful joe by marshall saunders
hanover; or the persecution of the lowly by david bryant fulton
shadow and light by mifflin wistar gibbs
the rubaiyat of omar cayenne by gelett burgess
harper's young people november 4 1879 by various
harper's young people november 11 1879 by various
my friends the savages by giovanni battista cerruti
barrack-room ballads by rudyard kipling
a chapter of adventures by g. a. henty
opening ceremonies of the new york and brooklyn bridge may 24
mr. turtle's flying adventure by albert bigelow paine
mr. rabbit's wedding by albert bigelow paine
notes and queries number 231 april 1 1854 by various
harper's young people november 18 1879 by various
the trial of reuben crandall m.d. charged with publishing
a budget of christmas tales by charles dickens and others
louis philippe by john stevens cabot abbott
eothen by a. w. kinglake
moods by louisa may alcott
how mr. rabbit lost his tail by albert bigelow paine
the gospel day by charles ebert orr
famous women: george sand by bertha thomas
the story of the gadsby by rudyard kipling
notes and queries number 236 may 6 1854 by various
respiration calorimeters for studying the respiratory exchange
london in 1731 by don manoel gonzales
dorothy's triumph by evelyn raymond
due west by maturin murray ballou
quaker hill by warren h. wilson
the book-collector by william carew hazlitt
the battle with the slum by jacob a. riis
the fitz-boodle papers by william makepeace thackeray
'lizbeth of the dale by marian keith
in orchard glen by marian keith
a romantic young lady by robert grant
a vanished hand by sarah doudney
the story of kentucky by r. s. eubank
sintram and his companions by friedrich de la motte-fouque
pan tadeusz by adam mickiewicz
a padre in france by george a. birmingham
an appeal in favor of that class of americans
the gay rebellion by robert w. chambers
prisoners of poverty abroad by helen campbell
harper's young people december 2 1879 by various
a popular history of astronomy during the nineteenth century
the testimony of the rocks by hugh miller
undine by friedrich de la motte-fouque
harper's young people december 9 1879 by various
preliminary study of the emotion of love between the sexes
violin making by walter h. mayson
shelters shacks and shanties by d.c. beard
thoughts on a revelation by samuel john jerram
the story of the great war volume i (of 8) by various
the two captains by friedrich de la motte-fouque
captain sword and captain pen by leigh hunt
harper's young people december 16 1879 by various
avat?s by annie besant
soap-bubble stories by fanny barry
cleek the master detective by thomas w. hanshew
harper's young people december 23 1879 by various
the duke's motto by justin huntly mccarthy
venus in boston by george thompson
the countess of albany by violet paget (a.k.a. vernon lee)
art in needlework by lewis f. day and mary buckle
aslauga's knight by fredrich de la motte-fouque
hypolympia by edmund gosse
seven miles to arden by ruth sawyer
biographia scoticana (scots worthies) by john howie
the cruise of the betsey by hugh miller
the beauties of nature by sir john lubbock
harper's young people december 30 1879 by various
the end of the rainbow by marian keith
under the deodars by rudyard kipling
egyptian literature by various
mary queen of scots makers of history by jacob abbott
the evolution of modern capitalism by john atkinson hobson
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 121 november 1867 by various
vanished towers and chimes of flanders by george wharton edwards
the essays of george eliot by george eliot
fanny and the servant problem by jerome k. jerome
our home in the silver west by gordon stables
ralph on the engine by allen chapman
the tale of jolly robin by arthur scott bailey
pilgrimage from the alps to the tiber by james aitken wylie
the maids of paradise by robert william chambers
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
cavalry in future wars by frederick von bernhardi
the orbis pictus by john amos comenius
the reef by edith wharton
reginald by saki
harper's young people january 6 1880 by various
the arkansaw bear by albert bigelow paine
the smart set by clyde fitch
harper's young people january 13 1880 by various
a likely story by william dean howells
the christmas fairy by john strange winter
a christmas accident and other stories by annie eliot trumbull
the children's book of christmas stories by various
christopher hibbault roadmaker by marguerite bryant
a bundle of ballads by various
notes and queries number 82 may 24 1851 by various
harper's young people january 20 1880 by various
the yellow fairy book by leonore blanche alleyne lang
one way out by william carleton
bournemouth poole & christchurch by sidney heath
harper's young people january 27 1880 by various
life in a tank by richard haigh
myth ritual and religionvol. 1 by andrew lang
a tramp's wallet by william duthie
pioneer surgery in kentucky by david w. yandell
travels in north america from modern writers by william bingley
supplement to punch or the london charivari.
aladdin of london by sir max pemberton
continuous vaudeville by will m. cressy
americanism contrasted with foreignism romanism and bogus
the land of thor by j. ross browne
reflections on the operation of the present system
the young ranchers by edward s. ellis
messengers of evil by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
the new hudson shakespeare: julius caesar by william shakespeare
how two boys made their own electrical apparatus
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol 58 no. 357 july 1845 by various
hushed up by william le queux
the education of children by desiderius erasmus
on calvinism by william hull
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 56 number 349
harper's young people february 3 1880 by various
somehow good by william de morgan
harper's young people february 10 1880 by various
the golden house by mrs. woods baker
lives of the presidents told in words of one syllable by jean s. remy
dick and his cat and other tales by various
harper's young people february 17 1880 by various
the ranch at the wolverine by b. m. bower
by conduct and courage by george alfred henty
applied psychology: making your own world by warren hilton
abraham lincoln and the union: a chronicle of the embattled north
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 14 1914 by various
british socialism by j. ellis barker
harper's young people february 24 1880 by various
rural problems of today by ernest r. groves
nancy stair by elinor macartney lane
rambles beyond railways by wilkie collins
hebrew literature by various
poems of henry vaughan silurist volume ii by henry vaughan
the wide wide world by susan warner
lessons of the war with spain and other articles by alfred t. mahan
if yes and perhaps by edward everett hale
life of charles darwin by george thomas bettany
ben the luggage boy by horatio alger
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 21 1914 by various
the love story of abner stone by edwin carlile litsey
as i remember by marian gouverneur
the hunter cats of connorloa by helen jackson
ulysses s. grant by walter allen
hurricane island by h. b. marriott watson
the wreck on the andamans by joseph darvall
true to his colors by harry castlemon
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 october 28 1914 by various
william penn by george hodges
harper's young people march 2 1880 by various
gems(?) of german thought by various
france and north america from january 1845 to may 1846 by various
house of mirth by edith wharton
an obscure apostle by eliza orzeszko
free and impartial thoughts on the sovereignty of god
the sexual life of the child by albert moll
harper's young people march 9 1880 by various
notes and queries number 223 february 4 1854 by various
plant-lore and garden-craft of shakespeare
the ivory child by h. rider haggard
harper's young people march 16 1880 by various
the student's companion to latin authors by
days of heaven upon earth by rev. a. b. simpson
harper's young people march 23 1880 by various
twenty-five cent dinners for families of six by juliet corson
black heart and white heart by h. rider haggard
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
harper's young people march 30 1880 by various
the cave twins by lucy fitch perkins
little travels and roadside sketches by william makepeace thackeray
the irish twins by lucy fitch perkins
home life in germany by mrs. alfred sidgwick
richard ii by jacob abbott
the astronomy of milton's 'paradise lost' by thomas orchard
the cryptogram by james de mille
the fatal boots by william makepeace thackeray
the dark star by robert w. chambers
a modern cinderella by amanda m. douglas
the readjustment by will irwin
madame roland makers of history by john s. c. abbott
uncle terry by charles clark munn
the motor boat club and the wireless by h. irving hancock
sir nigel by arthur conan doyle
the american housewife by anonymous
heart of the blue ridge by waldron baily
great men and famous women. vol. 5 of 8 by various
great men and famous women. vol. 6 of 8 by various
golden stars in tatting and crochet
what a young woman ought to know by mary wood-allen
in brief authority by f. anstey
the combined maze by may sinclair
rose o'paradise by grace miller white
not like other girls by rosa n. carey
epistle sermons vol. ii by martin luther
a catalogue of play equipment by jean lee hunt
samantha at coney island by marietta holley
the american missionary -- volume 54 no. 2 april 1900 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 4 1914 by various
man and his ancestor by charles morris
notes and queries number 192 july 2 1853 by various
notes and queries number 193 july 9 1853 by various
notes and queries number 194 july 16 1853 by various
notes and queries number 195 july 23 1853 by various
notes and queries number 196 july 30 1853 by various
hymns from the east by john brownlie
the frontier by maurice leblanc
history of company f 1st regiment r.i. volunteers
legends of vancouver by e. pauline johnson
the philosophy of the conditioned by h. l. mansel
the beloved vagabond by william j. locke
dishes & beverages of the old south by martha mcculloch-williams
the light of the star by hamlin garland
baby nightcaps by frances elizabeth barrow
scally by ian hay
myths of the norsemen by h. a. guerber
the speaker no. 5: volume ii issue 1 by various
the lost continent by c. j. cutcliffe hyne
construction work for rural and elementary schools by virginia mcgaw
the busted ex-texan and other stories by w. h. h. murray
the wit of women by kate sanborn
the third degree by charles klein and arthur hornblow
our italy by charles dudley warner
the mind of jesus by john r. macduff
the comical creatures from wurtemberg by unknown
the brass bound box by evelyn raymond
sixes and sevens by o. henry
rambles in the islands of corsica and sardinia by thomas forester
what's-his-name by george barr mccutcheon
wonders of the invisible world by cotton mather and increase mather
hepsey burke by frank noyes wescott
the hound of the baskervilles by arthur conan doyle
forbidden fruit by anonymous
the power of mesmerism by anonymous
laura middleton; her brother and her lover by anonymous
nobody by susan warner
a california girl by edward eldridge
an impartial narrative of the most important engagements
quo vadis a narrative of the time of nero by henryk sienkiewicz
kings in exile by sir charles george douglas roberts
the banner boy scouts snowbound by george a. warren
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 363
the king's post by r. c. tombs
the astronomy of the bible by e. walter maunder
soldier stories by rudyard kipling
a bookful of girls by anna fuller
sir francis drake revived by philip nichols
the american missionary volume 54 no. 3 july 1900 by various
say and seal volume i by susan warner and anna warner
say and seal volume ii by susan warner and anna warner
a history of england principally in the seventeenth century
the words of jesus by john r. macduff
gipsy life by george smith
elissa by h. rider haggard
the trail of the goldseekers by hamlin garland
twinkle and chubbins by lyman frank baum
history of woman suffrage volume iii (of iii) by various
the panjandrum picture book by randolph caldecott
the ancient history of the egyptians carthaginians
moon of israel by h. rider haggard
richard iii by jacob abbott
wild life on the rockies by enos a. mills
hints on horsemanship to a nephew and niece by george greenwood
a bunch of cherries by l. t. meade
good luck by l. t. meade
hollyhock by l. t. meade
godfrey marten undergraduate by charles turley
makers of many things by eva march tappan
the yellow god by h. rider haggard
my days and nights on the battle-field by charles carleton coffin
le morvan [a district of france] its wild sports
a terminal market system by mrs. elmer black
cutting it out by samuel g. blythe
the negrito and allied types in the philippines and
the homesteaders by robert j. c. stead
cressy by bret harte
an ohio woman in the philippines by emily bronson conger
with hoops of steel by florence finch kelly
the roman history of ammianus marcellinus by ammianus marcellinus
frances kane's fortune by l. t. meade
a little dinner at timmins's by william makepeace thackeray
poems with power to strengthen the soul by various
when dreams come true by ritter brown
the peanut plant by b. w. jones
the man who drove the car by max pemberton
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 11 1914 by various
religion in japan by george a. cobbold
australian writers by desmond byrne
laddie by gene stratton porter
framley parsonage by anthony trollope
ave roma immortalis vol. 2 by francis marion crawford
the christian foundation or scientific
the road and the roadside by burton willis potter
the cornish riviera by sidney heath
a new illustrated edition of j. s. rarey's art
pioneers of science by sir oliver lodge
ave roma immortalis vol. 1 by francis marion crawford
the flaw in the crystal by may sinclair
penshurst castle by emma marshall
from farm house to the white house by william m. thayer
the cuckoo clock by mrs. molesworth
the twins of table mountain by bret harte
the metamorphoses of publius ovidus naso by ovid
incentives to the study of the ancient period of american
phoebe junior by mrs [margaret] oliphant
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 122 december 1867 by various
amabel channice by anne douglas sedgwick
a plea for the criminal by james leslie allan kayll
paul jones by hutchins hapgood
my life: or the adventures of geo. thompson by george thompson
the grey woman and other tales by mrs. elizabeth gaskell
the marriage of elinor by margaret oliphant
the history of dartmouth college by baxter perry smith
joe strong on the trapeze by vance barnum
a little girl in old philadelphia by amanda minnie douglas
the letters of queen victoria volume iii (of 3) 1854-1861
otto of the silver hand by howard pyle
our bessie by rosa nouchette carey
best of the world's classics by various
dave porter and the runaways by edward stratemeyer
ralph on the overland express by allen chapman
a winter amid the ice by jules verne
the acts of uniformity by t.a. lacey
windsor castle by william harrison ainsworth
phebe the blackberry girl by anonymous
the squirrel inn by frank r. stockton
the ranger by edward s. ellis
sea garden by hilda doolittle
genghis khan makers of history series by jacob abbott
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
a sappho of green springs by bret harte
arizona's yesterday by john h. cady and basil dillon woon
the adventures of a bear by alfred elwes
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
babylonian and assyrian laws contracts and letters by c. h. w. johns
red men and white by owen wister
the life of cicero by anthony trollope
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
the green mummy by fergus hume
the young surveyor; by j. t. trowbridge
the cook's oracle; and housekeeper's manual by william kitchiner
minnie's pet cat by madeline leslie
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
wild ducks by w. coape oates
the only true mother goose melodies by munroe and francis
the silver maple by marian keith
duncan polite by marian keith
the empire of the east by h. b. montgomery
tales of the fish patrol by jack london
young alaskans in the far north by emerson hough
our children by anatole france
symbolic logic by lewis carroll
down the slope by james otis
historic ghosts and ghost hunters by h. addington bruce
remember the alamo by amelia e. barr
robin hood by paul creswick
aunt fanny's story-book for little boys and girls
free ships: the restoration of the american carrying trade
oklahoma sunshine by freeman edwin miller
practical education volume i by maria edgeworth
practical education volume ii by maria edgeworth
the variation of animals and plants under domestication vol. 1
the christian foundation or scientific and religious
operas every child should know by mary schell hoke bacon
the american missionary -- volume 54 no. 3 october 1900 by various
little mittens for the little darlings by frances elizabeth barrow
wee wifie by rosa nouchette carey
fishing in british columbia by thomas wilson lambert
the variation of animals and plants under domestication vol. 2
susan and edward by anonymous
in the high valley by susan coolidge
harding's luck by edith nesbit
a boy's town by william dean howells
travels in china containing descriptions observations
the prehistoric world: or vanished races by e. a. allen
personal recollections of joan of arc vol. 1 by mark twain
the girls of central high in camp by gertrude w. morrison
the young alaskans on the trail by emerson hough
memorials of old london by various
miss ashton's new pupil by mrs. s. s. robbins
ballads of robin hood and other outlaws by frank sidgwick
chenodia by jacob bigelow
the sandman: his sea stories by william j. hopkins
the madcap of the school by angela brazil
personal recollections of joan of arc vol. 2 by mark twain
pleasures of the telescope by garrett serviss
divided skates by evelyn raymond
philosophical transactions of the royal society vol 1 1666
the light that failed by rudyard kipling
imaginary interviews by w. d. howells
getting acquainted with the trees by j. horace mcfarland
rafael in italy by etta blaisdell mcdonald and julia dalrymple
elements of gaelic grammar by alexander stewart
the history of little king pippin by thomas bewick
ted marsh on an important mission by elmer sherwood
the story of tim by anonymous
child maidelvold and other ballads by anonymous
ellen of villenskov and other ballads by anonymous
general gordon by seton churchill
finnish arts or sir thor and damsel thure a ballad by anonymous
mendelism by reginald crundall punnett
harper's young people april 6 1880 by various
harper's young people april 13 1880 by various
round the wonderful world by g. e. mitton
letters to his mother ann borrow and other correspondents
harper's young people april 20 1880 by various
the white doe by sallie southall cotten
the certain hour by james branch cabell
a blot in the 'scutcheon by robert browning
the fairy nightcaps by frances elizabeth barrow
dorothy's house party by evelyn raymond
the legends of the jews vol. 3 by louis ginzberg
every girl's book by george f. butler
letters to his wife mary borrow by george henry borrow
the bridge of the gods by frederic homer balch
signelil a tale from the cornish and other ballads
the dalby bear and other ballads by george henry borrow
the giant of bern and orm ungerswayne a ballad by
the school queens by l. t. meade
the legends of the jews vol. 4 by louis ginzberg
counsel for the defense by leroy scott
the verner raven the count of vendel's daughter and other ballads
the song of deirdra king byrge and his brothers and other ballads
the gold bag by carolyn wells
the songs of ranild by george henry borrow
key-notes of american liberty by various
harper's young people april 27 1880 by various
the story of yvashka with the bear's ear by george henry borrow
the tale of brynild and king valdemar and his sister
the mason-bees by j. henri fabre
max and maurice by william [wilhelm] busch
the house of the wolfings by william morris
the faith healer by william vaughn moody
the children's book of stars by geraldine edith mitton
the leader of the lower school by angela brazil
donald and dorothy by mary mapes dodge
captain bayley's heir: a tale of the gold fields of california
tales of the argonauts by bret harte
dave porter in the far north by edward stratemeyer
the time of roses by l. t. meade
herodes und mariamne by fredrick hebbel
the cabin on the prairie by charles henry pearson
track's end by hayden carruth
a man's value to society by newell dwight hillis
penelope's progress by kate douglas smith wiggin
yorkshire dialect poems by f. w. moorman
recollections of a tour made in scotland a.d. 1803
harper's young people may 4 1880 by various
harper's young people may 11 1880 by various
alice's adventures in wonderland by lewis carroll
the hickory limb by parker fillmore
the boy broker by frank a. munsey
the mexican twins by lucy fitch perkins
helps to latin translation at sight by edmund luce
harper's young people may 18 1880 by various
the variation of animals and plants under domestication
the philippine islands 1493-1898--volume 39 of 55 by various
the wind in the willows by kenneth grahame
english synonyms and antonyms by james champlin fernald
social rights and duties volume i (of 2) by sir leslie stephen
the tale of timber town by alfred grace
howards end by e. m. forster
zigzag journeys in northern lands by hezekiah butterworth
an essay on true and apparent beauty in which from settled
harper's young people may 25 1880 by various
lover or friend by rosa nouchette carey
diary from march 4 1861 to november 12 1862 by adam gurowski
the wizard by h. rider haggard
the surrender of napoleon by sir frederick lewis maitland
captain dieppe by anthony hope
the rainbow by d. h. lawrence
following the equator complete by mark twain
frontier service during the rebellion by george h. pettis
a narrative of the mutiny on board the ship globe of
acts of the general assemblies (1638-1649) by church of scotland
the road to frontenac by samuel merwin
story of the session of the california legislature of 1909
the backwoodsmen by charles g. d. roberts
cuore (heart) by edmondo de amicis
'crumps' the plain story of a canadian who went by louis keene
the manor house school by angela brazil
harper's young people june 1 1880 by various
child-life in japan and japanese child stories
the life of sir james fitzjames stephen bart.
adventures in the rifle brigade in the peninsula france
ghetto comedies by israel zangwill
how girls can help their country by juliet low
harper's young people june 8 1880 by various
tord of hafsborough and other ballads by george henry borrow
young swaigder by george henry borrow
sunlight patch by credo fitch harris
the biography of a prairie girl by eleanor gates
the book of saints and friendly beasts by abbie farwell brown
james madison by sydney howard gay
miss grantley's girls by thomas archer
great men and famous women vol. 7 of 8 by horne
social life by maud c. cooke
daisy's aunt by edward frederic benson
the stark munro letters
the macdermots of ballycloran by anthony trollope
five mice in a mouse-trap by laura e. richards
harper's young people june 15 1880 by various
latin america and the united states by elihu root
prince vance by eleanor putnam and arlo bates
the skilful cook by mary harrison
the elm tree tales by f. irene burge smith
harper's young people june 22 1880 by various
the religion of ancient egypt by w. m. flinders petrie
harper's young people june 29 1880 by various
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
a boy i knew and four dogs by laurence hutton
mr. punch awheel by j. a. hammerton
treasure valley by marian keith
roman catholicism in spain by anonymous
harper's young people july 6 1880 by various
a nest of spies by pierre souvestre and marcel allain
inn of tranquility and other essays by john galsworthy
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume vi by various
sir william herschel: his life and works by edward singleton holden
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
harper's young people july 13 1880 by various
quality and other studies and essays by john galsworthy
a tangled tale by lewis carroll
harper's young people july 20 1880 by various
from the st. lawrence to the yser with the 1st canadian brigade
captain brand of the centipede by henry augustus wise
harper's young people july 27 1880 by various
account of a voyage of discovery by captain basil hall
orthodoxy: its truths and errors by james freeman clarke
the present state of virginia by hugh jones
almost a man by mary wood-allen
address by hon. henry h. crapo by henry howland crapo
new orchard and garden by william lawson simon harwood and anonymous
the silver box by john galsworthy
a historical survey of the customs habits & present
harper's young people august 3 1880 by various
hurlbut's bible lessons by rev. jesse lyman hurlbut
joy by john galsworthy
brighter britain! (volume 1 of 2) by william delisle hay
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 18 1914 by various
the american missionary volume 39 no. 02 february 1885 by various
critical miscellanies (vol. 3 of 3) by john morley
byzantine churches in constantinople
strife by john galsworthy
plain words for christ by reginald g. dutton
the lightning conductor discovers america
the cook and housekeeper's complete and universal dictionary;
adventures and recollections by bill o'th' hoylus end
the mushroom edible and otherwise by m. e. hard
harper's young people august 10 1880 by various
polly of lady gay cottage by emma c. dowd
testimony of the sonnets as to the authorship of the
the eldest son by john galsworthy
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
the complete poetical works of samuel taylor coleridge
old man curry by charles emmett van loan
memoranda sacra by j. rendel harris
black bass by charles barker bradford
harper's young people august 17 1880 by various
the golden age by kenneth grahame
the little dream by john galsworthy
the wild geese by stanley john weyman
grimhild's vengeance by george henry borrow
the web of the golden spider by frederick orin bartlett
a bride of the plains by baroness emmuska orczy
queen elizabeth by jacob abbott
harper's young people august 24 1880 by various
les parsis by d. menant
justice by john galsworthy
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol 58 no. 360 oct. 1845 by various
what the blackbird said
the bow its history manufacture and use by henry saint-george
the trail of a sourdough by may kellogg sullivan
harper's young people august 31 1880 by various
cursory observations on the poems attributed to thomas rowley (1782)
bygone punishments by william andrews
they of the high trails by hamlin garland
the fugitive by john galsworthy
legends of the saxon saints by aubrey de vere
the fountain of maribo and other ballards by anonymous
the gold horns by adam gottlob oehlenschl?r
brief reflections relative to the emigrant french clergy (1793)
david dunne by belle kanaris maniates
the boy settlers by noah brooks
the pigeon by john galsworthy
billy topsail & company by norman duncan
out of the depths by robert ames bennet
with the night mail by rudyard kipling
harper's young people september 14 1880 by various
the mob by john galsworthy
pius ix. and his time by aeneas macdonell dawson
the best of the world's classics restricted to prose
harper's young people september 21 1880 by various
a bit o' love by john galsworthy
holbein by beatrice fortescue
telepathy by w. w. baggally
fifty glimpses of washington by unknown
poppy's presents by mrs o. f. walton
harper's young people september 28 1880 by various
blake's burden by harold bindloss
the coinages of the channel islands by b. lowsley
lippincott's magazine september 1885 by various
the traitors by edward phillips oppenheim
the aural system by anonymous
the american missionary -- volume 38 no. 01 january 1884 by various
the flying mercury by eleanor m. ingram
secret memoirs: the story of louise crown princess by henry w. fischer
the carroll girls by mabel quiller-couch
ferdinand de soto the discoverer of the mississippi
the white lie by william le queux
harper's young people october 5 1880 by various
literary tours in the highlands and islands of scotland
harper's young people october 12 1880 by various
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
graham's magazine vol xxxii no. 1 january 1848 by various
ebrietatis encomium by boniface oinophilus
a letter from a clergyman to his friend by anonymous
the little man by john galsworthy
a short history of spain by mary platt parmele
the siege of boston by allen french
beauty and the beast and tales from home by bayard taylor
harper's young people october 19 1880 by various
ruth fielding at briarwood hall by alice b. emerson
cleo the magnificent by louis zangwill
out of the north by howard v. sutherland
prehistoric structures of central america by martin ingham townsend
dialogues in french and english by william caxton
some observations on the ethnography and archaeology of
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 july 8 1914 by various
graham's magazine vol. xxxii no. 2. february 1848 by various
the first violin by jesse fothergill
the past condition of organic nature by thomas h. huxley
the prince of parthia by thomas godfrey
ponteach by robert rogers
the group by mercy warren
the battle of bunkers-hill by hugh henry brackenridge
the fall of british tyranny by john leacock
the politician out-witted by samuel low
andr?by william dunlap
the method by which the causes of the present and past conditions
the indian princess by james nelson barker
she would be a soldier by mordecai manuel noah
graham's magazine vol xxxii. no. 3. march 1848 by various
harper's young people october 26 1880 by various
graham's magazine vol. xxxii no. 4 april 1848 by various
little masterpieces of science by various
chronicles of border warfare by alexander scott withers
a breath of prairie and other stories by will lillibridge
the international monthly volume 3 no. 2 may 1851 by various
the academic questions; treatise de finibus; tusculan
the young lady's equestrian manual by anonymous
harper's young people 1880 index by various
the conditions of existence as affecting the perpetuation of
war taxation by otto h. kahn
the monkey that would not kill by henry drummond
high finance by otto h. kahn
the book of khalid by ameen rihani
the enclosures in england by harriett bradley
a critical examination of the position of mr. darwin's work on
sure pop and the safety scouts by roy rutherford bailey
of some imperfections of impressiones of chaucer's workes
graham's magazine vol xxxii. no. 5. may 1848 by various
the autobiography of sergeant william lawrence by william lawrence
diary from november 12 1862 to october 18 1863 by adam gurowski
the story of the great war volume iii (of 8) by various
thurston of orchard valley by harold bindloss
the formation of christendom volume vi by thomas william allies
a succinct view of the importance and practicability of
the darwinian hypothesis by thomas h. huxley
the story of the great war volume ii (of 8) by various
a complete edition of the works of nancy luce by nancy luce
people of position by stanley portal hyatt
morals in trade and commerce by frank b. anderson
mountain meditations by l. lind-af-hageby
time and life by thomas henry huxley
how the piano came to be by ellye howell glover
remarks concerning stones from the clouds by edward king
an encore by margaret deland
noble deeds of the world's heroines by henry charles moore
aino folk-tales by basil hall chamberlain
the unknown life of jesus christ by nicolas notovitch
the origin of species by thomas h. huxley
the pirate and the three cutters by frederick marryat
the old game by samuel g. blythe
the railroad question by william larrabee
great uncle hoot-toot by mrs. molesworth
the ministry of intercession by andrew murray
among the brigands by james de mille
paul prescott's charge by horatio alger
criticisms on the origin of species by thomas h. huxley
rodney the partisan by harry castlemon
in the days of drake by j. s. fletcher
sielanka: an idyll by henryk sienkiewicz
afloat on the ohio by reuben gold thwaites
north american medical and surgical journal vol. 2 no. 3
evidence as to man's place in nature by thomas h. huxley
irish fairy tales by edmond leamy
camping with president roosevelt by john burroughs
war from the inside by frederick lyman hitchcock
out-of-doors in the holy land by henry van dyke
australia revenged by boomerang
sir henry morgan buccaneer by cyrus townsend brady
notes and queries number 81 may 17 1851 by various
the trimming of goosie by james hopper
an old sailor's yarns by nathaniel ames
a poetical review of the late samuel johnson by john courtenay
sandwiches by sarah tyson heston rorer
on some fossil remains of man by thomas h. huxley
the crevice by william john burns and isabel ostrander
war letters of a public-school boy by henry paul mainwaring jones
a gold hunter's experience by chalkley j. hambleton
japanese fairy world by william elliot griffis
england and germany by emile joseph dillon
on the advisableness of improving natural knowledge by thomas h. huxley
the story of the great war volume iv (of 8) by official sources
the story of the great war volume v (of 8) by official sources
three addresses to girls at school by james maurice wilson
graham's magazine vol xxxii no. 6 june 1848 by various
creatures of the night by alfred w. rees
ancient monuments of north and south america 2nd ed. c. s. rafinesque
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 2 1914 by various
great men and famous women vol. 8 (of 8) by various
our young folks at home and abroad by various
the ?eids of virgil by virgil
the bad family and other stories by mrs. fenwick
a day with felix mendelssohn bartholdy by george sampson
elements of foreign exchange by franklin escher
browning's england by helen archibald clarke
the prisoner by alice brown
humpty dumpty's little son by helen reid cross
patrick henry by moses coit tyler
coral and coral reefs by thomas h. huxley
portuguese architecture by walter crum watson
study of law--nature and nations by james mackintosh
the gaunt gray wolf by dillon wallace
pinafore palace by various
the new york stock exchange and public opinion by otto hermann kahn
the adventures of herr baby by mrs. molesworth
the ladies' work-table book by anonymous
the hawaiian islands by the department of foreign affairs
the story of the great war volume vi (of viii) by various
boys and girls bookshelf (vol 2 of 17) by various
marcy the blockade runner by harry castlemon
memoir of an eventful expedition in central america by pedro velasquez
william harvey and the discovery of the circulation of the blood
social justice without socialism by john bates clark
lippincott's magazine vol. 26 october 1880 by various
clairvoyance by charles webster leadbeater
the captain of the pole-star and other tales by arthur conan doyle
evolution and ethics and other essays by thomas h. huxley
murder point by coningsby dawson
the very small person by annie hamilton donnell
the gods of mars by edgar rice burroughs
the chinese classics by james legge
scientific american magazine vol 2. no. 3 oct 10 1846 by various
the phantom world by augustin calmet
the voyages and adventures of captain hatteras by jules verne
an inquiry into the causes and effects of the variolae vaccinae
soldiers of the queen by harold avery
the book of anecdotes and budget of fun by various
two penniless princesses by charlotte m. yonge
the meaning of evolution by samuel christian schmucker
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 56 number 350 by various
the confessions of a caricaturist vol. 1 (of 2) by harry furniss
things as they are by amy carmichael
lotus buds by amy carmichael
the great hunger by johan bojer
nature by ralph waldo emerson
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution vol. ix
dr. sevier by george w. cable
essays first series by ralph waldo emerson
leading articles on various subjects by hugh miller
the new york stock exchange in the crisis of 1914
the machinery of the universe by amos emerson dolbear
essays second series by ralph waldo emerson
the wings of the dove volume 1 of 2 by henry james
traffic in souls by eustace hale ball
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 november 25 1914 by various
the comic latin grammar by percival leigh
howards end by e. m. forster
the electoral votes of 1876 by david dudley field
the house under the sea by sir max pemberton
the foreign tour of messrs. brown jones and robinson by richard doyle
a supplementary chapter to the bible in spain by george borrow
select conversations with an uncle by h. g. wells
blood and iron by john hubert greusel
the night riders by ridgwell cullum
where angels fear to tread by e. m. forster
hymns from the morningland by various
the fifth string by john philip sousa
benjamin franklin by paul elmer more
the little brown hen by jasmine stone van dresser
faro nell and her friends by alfred henry lewis
a forest hearth: a romance of indiana in the thirties by charles major
stories of a western town by octave thanet
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 9 1914 by various
government ownership of railroads and war taxation by otto h. kahn
king philip by john stevens cabot abbott
christopher columbus and his monument columbia by various
the film of fear by arnold fredericks
early short fiction of edith wharton part 1 of 10 by edith wharton
the midnight queen by may agnes fleming
mummery by gilbert cannan
little masterpieces of science: explorers by various
suggestions to the jews by unknown
the ethics of co?ation by james hayden tufts
childhood and adolescence by jacques casanova de seingalt
an essay on the beautiful by plotinus
olive in italy by moray dalton
opinion of the supreme court of the united states at
the battle of the bays by owen seaman
the atlantic monthly volume 14 no. 86 december 1864 by various
john and betty's history visit by margaret williamson
punch or the london charivari vol 150 february 9 1916 by various
nelson's home comforts by mary hooper
a cleric in naples by jacques casanova de seingalt
enamels and cameos and other poems by th?hile gautier
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 23 1914 by various
the masked bridal by mrs. georgie sheldon
the soul of a people by h. fielding
the camp fire girls in the mountains by jane l. stewart
military career by jacques casanova de seingalt
silhouettes by arthur symons
six centuries of painting by randall davies
the red hand of ulster by george a. birmingham
the myxomycetes of the miami valley ohio by a. p. morgan
return to venice by jacques casanova de seingalt
grace actual and habitual by joseph pohle
a walk from london to fulham by thomas crofton croker
jolly sally pendleton by laura jean libbey
the spanish jade by maurice hewlett
where half the world is waking up by clarence poe
the preface to aristotle's art of poetry by andre dacier
milan and mantua by jacques casanova de seingalt
told by the northmen: by e. m. [ethel mary] wilmot-buxton
the temple of glass by john lydgate
an ethnologist's view of history by daniel g. brinton
rural hygiene by henry neely ogden
the american missionary -- volume 38 no. 06 june 1884 by various
the lord of glory by arno gaebelein
boy scouts handbook by boy scouts of america
paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
m. p.'s in session by harry furniss
in a little town by rupert hughes
the clock that had no hands by herbert kaufman
the pearl of the antilles or an artist in cuba by walter goodman
the centurion's story by david james burrell
'charge it' by irving bacheller
the mysterious murder of pearl bryan by unknown
venice by jacques casanova de seingalt
nan of music mountain by frank h. spearman
whispering smith by frank h. spearman
the o'ruddy by stephen crane and robert barr
seven minor epics by dunstan gale et al.
lippincott's magazine vol. 20 august 1877 by various
convent affairs by jacques casanova de seingalt
the bondwoman by marah ellis ryan
tricks of the town: or ways and means of getting money
shoulder-straps by henry morford
the story of the cotton plant by frederick wilkinson
the loom of life by cotton noe
the false nun by jacques casanova de seingalt
red white blue socks part first by sarah l barrow
funny big socks by sarah l. barrow
neighbor nelly socks by sarah l. barrow
the cash boy by horatio alger jr
under the leads by jacques casanova de seingalt
rural life and the rural school by joseph kennedy
henry iv makers of history by john s. c. abbott
blackwood's magazine january 1845 by various
the emigrant by frederick william thomas
personal recollections of a cavalryman by james harvey kidd
six letters from the colonies by robert seaton
paris and holland by jacques casanova de seingalt
william shakespeare by samuel levy bensusan
treatise on the diseases of women by lydia e. pinkham
james boswell by william keith leask
two arrows by william o. stoddard
return to paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
sir walter scott by george saintsbury
our young folks vol 1 no. 1 by various
the golden woman by ridgwell cullum
the destroyer by burton egbert stevenson
holland and germany by jacques casanova de seingalt
the curse of education by harold e. gorst
journal of a residence at bagdad by anthony groves
dr. montessori's own handbook by maria montessori
introduction--study of history by charles v. langlois et al
the twins of suffering creek by ridgwell cullum
is civilization a disease? by stanton coit
switzerland by jacques casanova de seingalt
the business career in its public relations by albert shaw
hidden water by dane coolidge
the island mystery by george a. birmingham
once to every man by larry evans
the eighteenth century in english caricature by selwyn brinton
the serpent knight and other ballards by george borrow
with voltaire by jacques casanova de seingalt
the greater power by harold bindloss and w. herbert dunton
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 16 1914 by various
conestoga wagons in braddock's campaign 1755 by don h. berkebile
the wall street girl by frederick orin bartlett
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 3 august 1850. various
the mountain divide by frank h. spearman
italy the magic land by lilian whiting
depart switzerland by jacques casanova de seingalt
three years in the federal cavalry by willard glazier
notes and queries number 218 december 31 1853 by various
prairie farmer vol. 56: no. 4 january 26 1884 by various
adrift on the pacific by edward s. ellis
punch or the london charivari vol. 147 december 30 1914 by various
return to italy by jacques casanova de seingalt
against odds by lawrence l. lynch
nobody by louis joseph vance
cossack fairy tales and folk tales by anonymous
creating capital by frederick l. lipman
higher education and business standards by willard eugene hotchkiss
epistles of st. peter and st. jude preached and explained
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 september 3 1887 by various
return to naples by jacques casanova de seingalt
erdgeist (earth-spirit) by frank wedekind
the little girl lost by eleanor raper
prefaces terence and plautus comedies by lawrence echard
the fiery totem by argyll saxby
history of england from the fall of wolsey by james anthony froude
henry the sixth by john blacman
back again to paris by jacques casanova de seingalt
hampstead and marylebone by geraldine edith mitton
taxidermy by leon luther pray
a waif of the mountains by edward s. ellis
the treasure trail by marah ellis ryan
the hound from the north by ridgwell cullum
the cruise of the shining light by norman duncan
the heart of thunder mountain by edfrid a. bingham
hetty's strange history by helen jackson
the flirt by booth tarkington
milan by jacques casanova de seingalt
poetical works of william cullen bryant by william cullen bryant
the mother's manual of children's diseases by charles west m.d.
south of france by jacques casanova de seingalt
ireland as it is by robert john buckley (a.k.a. r.j.b)
the balladists by john geddie
the princess virginia by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the harmsworth magazine v. 1 1898-1899 no. 2 by various
to london by jacques casanova de seingalt
philo gubb correspondence-school detective by ellis parker butler
the baron's yule feast: a christmas rhyme by thomas cooper
the mayas sources of their history by stephen salisbury jr
trees of the northern united states by austin c. apgar
the fairchild family by mary martha sherwood
the strollers by frederic s. isham
victor's triumph by mrs. e. d. e. n. southworth
the english by jacques casanova de seingalt
desserts and salads by gesine lemcke
the old arm-chair by eliza cook
experiments and observations on different kinds of air
continental monthly vol. iii no iv april 1863 by various
little masterpieces of science: by various
flight from london to berlin by jacques casanova de seingalt
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 1 july 1848 by various
the missionary by george griffith
kristy's rainy day picnic by olive thorne miller
the lonely way--intermezzo--countess mizzie by arthur schnitzler
aztec land by maturin m. ballou
russia and poland by jacques casanova de seingalt
melomaniacs by james huneker
an orkney maid by amelia edith huddleston barr
whittier-land by samuel t. pickard
the cat of bubastes by g. a. henty
the story of a tinder-box by charles meymott tidy
architecture by thomas roger smith and john slater
spain by jacques casanova de seingalt
the dominant strain by anna chapin ray
webster's unabridged dictionary by various
audrey craven by may sinclair
the continental monthly vol. 4 no. 2 august 1863 by various
expelled from spain by jacques casanova de seingalt
pretty madcap dorothy by laura jean libbey
anonymous letter to lord mounteagle in 1605 by parker et al.
the last voyage by lady annie allnutt brassey
return to rome by jacques casanova de seingalt
raiding with morgan by byron a. dunn
england picturesque and descriptive by joel cook
florence to trieste by jacques casanova de seingalt
buffalo bill's spy trailer by colonel prentiss ingraham
an ode by madison j. cawein
the prison chaplaincy and its experiences by hosea quinby
japan by david murray
the market-place by harold frederic
old age and death by jacques casanova de seingalt
the man who wins by robert herrick
the complete memoires of jacques casanova de seingalt
two mittens and the little play mittens by frances elizabeth barrow
the little nightcap letters. by frances elizabeth barrow
the big nightcap letters by frances elizabeth barrow
the declaration of the rights of man and of citizens by georg jellinek
the industries of animals by fr?ric houssay
the harbor of doubt by frank williams
the plunderer by roy norton
mark twain a biography vol. 1 part 1 1835-1866
the cathedrals of northern france by francis miltoun
shakespeare jest-books; by unknown
diana by susan warner
life and amours of kate percival by kate percival
is he popenjoy? by anthony trollope
hair breadth escapes by t. s. arthur
mark twain a biography vol. 1 part 2 1866-1875
the house in the water by charles g. d. roberts
mark twain a biography vol. 2 part 1 1875-1886
a nursery rhyme picture book by l. leslie brooke
anecdotes & incidents of the deaf and dumb by w. r. roe
histology of the blood by paul ehrlich and adolf lazarus
daughters of the revolution and their times by charles carleton coffin
mark twain a biography vol. 2 part 2 1886-1900
dwellers in the hills by melville davisson post
the ivory snuff box by arnold fredericks
the works of aphra behn by aphra behn
the rosicrucian mysteries by max heindel
blackwoods edinburgh magazine volume 59
dave porter at bear camp by edward stratemeyer
mark twain a biography vol. 3 part 1 1900-1907
a great man by arnold bennett
in times like these by nellie l. mcclung
the old countess; or the two proposals by ann s. stephens
the rambles of a rat by a. l. o. e.
hidden hand by emma dorothy eliza nevitte southworth
notes and queries index of volume 5 january-june 1852 by various
love and lucy by maurice henry hewlett
essays: scientific political & speculative vol. i by herbert spencer
mark twain a biography vol. 3 part 2 1907-1910
the history of woman suffrage volume iv by various
dreamers of the ghetto by i. zangwill
the poetical works of william collins by william collins
mark twain a biography 1835-1910 complete by albert bigelow paine
blackwoods edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 366 april 1846 various
the cariboo trail by agnes c. laut
pioneers of the pacific coast by agnes c. laut
the hunting of the snark by lewis carroll
garrison's finish by w. b. m. ferguson
the doctor's family by mrs. margaret oliphant
the rector by mrs. margaret oliphant
up the forked river by seward d. lisle
history of religion by allan menzies
a romance of the west indies by eugene sue
criminal man by gina lombroso-ferrero
sex=the unknown quantity by ali nomad
tales from two hemispheres by hjalmar hjorth boysen
never again! by edward carpenter
changing winds by st. john g. ervine
thoughts on art and life by leonardo da vinci
modern painters volume ii (of v) by john ruskin
modern painters volume i (of v) by john ruskin
a singer from the sea by amelia edith huddleston barr
sir francis drake's famous voyage round the world by francis pretty
the strand magazine volume v issue 25 january 1893 by various
the social principles of jesus by walter rauschenbusch
g? arias by joaquin telesforo de trueba y cosio
old-fashioned ethics and common-sense metaphysics
storyology by benjamin taylor
hittel on gold mines and mining by john s. hittell
with manchesters in the east by gerald b. hurst
bunyan by james anthony froude
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 february 15 1890 by various
the harbor by ernest poole
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 364 by various
a spirit in prison by robert hichens
a letter to hon. charles sumner by hamilton wilcox pierson
jan and her job by l. allen harker
washington's masonic correspondence by julius f. sachse
tacitus on germany by tacitus
the mayflower january 1905 by various
the american mind by bliss perry
commercialism and journalism by hamilton holt
the law-breakers by ridgwell cullum
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 2 august 1848 by various
clarissa: preface hints of prefaces and postscript samuel richardson
the celtic magazine vol. 1 no. 3 january 1876 by various
the fathers of confederation by a. h. u. colquhoun
culture and cooking by catherine owen
st. nicholas magazine for boys and girls by various
the history of the first west india regiment by a. b. ellis
blackwood's edinburgh magazine by various
the boy scouts on belgian battlefields by lieut. howard payson
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 1 1890 by various
poems by william d. howells
the bible king james version complete by various
united states declaration of independence by thomas jefferson
the bird book by chester a. reed
law and laughter by george alexander morton
l'aiglon by edmond rostand
punch or the london charivari vol. 98
the matsuyama mirror by anonymous
graham of claverhouse by ian maclaren
the daughter of the storage by william dean howells
the fisher-boy urashima by anonymous
rugs: oriental and occidental antique & modern by rosa belle holt
a story of one short life 1783 to 1818 by elisabeth g. stryker
the award of justice by a. maynard barbour
the eye of dread by payne erskine
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 february 8 1890 by various
word study and english grammar by frederick w. hamilton
a line-o'-verse or two by bert leston taylor
adventurers of the far north by stephen leacock
the red river colony by louis aubrey wood
mlle. fouchette by charles theodore murray
aircraft and submarines by willis j. abbot
the contemporary review volume 36 september 1879 by various
tom swift and his airship by victor appleton
tales from catland for little kittens by tabitha grimalkin
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 8 1890 by various
the pirate woman by aylward edward dingle
independence: virginia 1763-1783 by virginia state dept. of education
the wings of the dove volume ii by henry james
stalky & co. by rudyard kipling
the religious sentiment by daniel g. brinton
burma by r.talbot kelly
laboratory manual of glass-blowing by francis c. frary
the smoky god by willis george emerson
angelot by eleanor price
jessica the heiress by evelyn raymond
our next-door neighbors by belle kanaris maniates
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 3 september 1848 by various
the arena by various
letters of madam guyon by p. l. upham
life of henry martyn 1781 to 1812 by sarah j. rhea
amaryllis at the fair by richard jefferies
dorothy dainty at the mountains by amy brooks
young barbarians by ian maclaren
robinetta by kate douglas wiggin et al
the shepherd of the north by richard aumerle maher
the camera fiend by ernest hornung
hypochondriasis by john hill
the ballad of reading gaol by oscar wilde
marion fay by anthony trollope
birds illustrated by color photograph [march 1897] by various
the strand magazine volume v issue 26 february 1893 by various
the vast abyss by george manville fenn
principles of political economy by john stuart mill
the quality of mercy by w. d. howells
the russian garland by various
the lady of the lake by sir walter scott
name and fame by adeline sergeant
a noble woman by ann s. stephens
the one-way trail by ridgwell cullum
journal of submarine commander von forstner
tante by anne douglas sedgwick
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 4 october 1848 by various
masonic monitor of the degrees by george thornburgh
calvinistic doctrine of predestination examined and refuted
the acharnians by aristophanes
the art of confectionary by edward lambert
romans -- volume 3: micromegas by voltaire
the flute of the gods by marah ellis ryan
tales from dickens by charles dickens and hallie erminie rives
where strongest tide winds blew by robert mcreynolds
the birds by aristophanes
due south or cuba past and present by maturin m. ballou
nye and riley's wit and humor (poems and yarns)
the canon of the bible by samuel davidson
notes and queries number 217 december 24 1853 by various
elementary theosophy by l. w. rogers
walter pieterse by multatuli
short history of the book of common prayer
daisy brooks by laura jean libbey
the seiners by james brendan connolly
the beauties of the state of washington by harry f. giles
the continental monthly vol. 4 no. 5 november 1863
out on the pampas by g. a. henty
pathfinders of the great plains by lawrence j. burpee
what she could by susan warner
opportunities by susan warner
the house in town by susan warner
trading by susan warner
our androcentric culture by charlotte p. gilman
prize orations of the intercollegiate peace association
arrival of the queen of sheba georg friedrich h?el
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 88 february 1865 by various
the american missionary--volume 39 no. 07 july 1885 by various
the true-born englishman by daniel defoe
what diantha did by charlotte perkins gilman
christ christianity and the bible by i. m. haldeman
old english patent medicines in america by griffenhagen and young
royal children of english history by e. nesbit
a history of giggleswick school by edward allen bell
the story of the white mouse by unknown
the forerunner vol. 1 by charlotte p. gilman
architectural antiquities of normandy by john sell cotman
saint ursula by john ruskin
our moslem sisters by annie van sommer and samuel marinus zwemer
the note-book of an attache by eric fisher wood
perugino by selwyn brinton
fungi: their nature and uses by mordecai cubitt cooke
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 march 15 1890 by various
a manual of the art of fiction by clayton hamilton
the fairy changeling and other poems by dora sigerson shorter
london lyrics by frederick locker-lampson
the great events by famous historians v. 13 by various
the fifth queen by ford madox ford
around the world with josiah allen's wife by marietta holley
east of the shadows by mrs. hubert barclay
farthest north by fridtjof nansen
nirvana days by cale young rice
table-talk william hazlitt
ancient and modern celebrated freethinkers by
in praise of folly by desiderius erasmus
flowers of freethought by george w. foote
flowers of freethought by george w. foote
arrows of freethought by george w. foote
reminiscences of charles bradlaugh by george w. foote
humanity's gain from unbelief by charles bradlaugh
men women and gods by helen h. gardener
the ghosts by robert g. ingersoll
a boy's will robert frost
comic bible sketches by george w. foote
the great cattle trail by edward s. ellis
intarsia and marquetry by f. hamilton jackson
the buddhist catechism by henry s. olcott
a cumberland vendetta by john fox jr
evangelists of art by james patrick
birds illustrated by color photograph [january 1897] by various
the strand magazine volume v issue 27 march 1893 by various
bridge disasters in america by george l. vose
a prairie infanta by eva wilder brodhead
many gods by cale young rice
eighteenth century essays on shakespeare by various
officer 666 by barton w. currie and augustin mchugh
faust part 1 by johann w. von goethe
a story of the red cross by clara barton
the vote that made the president by david dudley field
folk-lore in borneo by william henry furness
six centuries of english poetry by james baldwin
pepita ximenez by juan valera
the claims of labour by arthur helps
the last stetson by john fox jr.
the person and work of the holy spirit by r.a. torrey
abc of fox hunting by john dean paul
phemie frost's experiences by ann s. stephens
mabel's mistake by ann s. stephens
crayon portraiture by jerome a. barhydt
ways of nature by john burroughs
a mountain europa by john fox jr.
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by colin comb?and san agustin
the heart of the new thought by ella wheeler wilcox
the founder of new france by charles w. colby
the fighting governor by charles w. colby
north of boston by robert frost
claire by leslie burton blades
frederic lord leighton by ernest rhys
a captain in the ranks by george cary eggleston
li? on the line of march by glenna lindsley bigelow
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 89 march 1865 by various
tales from blackwood volume 7 by various
my autobiography by f. max m?r
the orange fairy book by unknown
that mother-in-law of mine by anonymous
the grecian daughter by arthur murphy
very short stories and verses for children by mrs. w. k. clifford
tom and maggie tulliver by anonymous
the history of sandford and merton by thomas day
some imagist poets by aldington et al.
friars and filipinos by jose rizal
the one hoss shay by oliver wendell holmes
the peterkin papers by lucretia p. hale
real soldiers of fortune by richard harding davis
our homeland churches and how to study them by sidney heath
kildares of storm by eleanor mercein kelly
the candy maker's guide by fletcher manufacturing company
the century handbook of writing by garland greever and easley s. jones
the social work of the salvation army by edwin gifford lamb
the philosophy of teaching by nathaniel sands
the magnificent adventure by emerson hough
the romance of a plain man by ellen glasgow
the tavern knight by rafael sabatini
the side of the angels by basil king
the benefactress by elizabeth beauchamp
how to study by george fillmore swain
wild animals i have known by e. t. seton
the preacher of cedar mountain by ernest thompson seton
vig?le brun by haldane macfall
raeburn by james l. caw
velazquez by s. l. bensusan
money magic by hamlin garland
beyond the frontier by randall parrish
trail tales by james david gillilan
the book of religions by john hayward
the elements of drawing by john ruskin
the thread of gold by arthur christopher benson
democritus platonissans by henry more
a book of cheerful cats and other animated animals by j. g. francis
the passing of the frontier: a chronicle of the old west
the earthly paradise by william morris
daddy's girl by l. t. meade
the wilderness fugitives by edward s. ellis
hours in a library by leslie stephen
the passionate friends by herbert george wells
whitman by john burroughs
the fortunate mistress (parts 1 and 2) by daniel defoe
adventures in the philippine islands by paul p. de la gironi?
the peace of roaring river by george van schaick
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume xxxvi 1649-1666 by various
santa f? partner by thomas a. janvier
the broom-squire by sabine baring-gould
the boy from hollow hut by isla may mullins
select poems of thomas gray by thomas gray
a history of horncastle by james conway walter
my secret life volumes i to iii by anonymous
paul gerhardt's spiritual songs by paul gerhardt
an account of the kingdom of nepal by fancis buchanan hamilton
in desert and wilderness by henryk sienkiewicz
zoe by evelyn whitaker
old quebec by sir gilbert parker and claude glennon bryan
a christmas carol by charles dickens
favourite welsh hymns by joseph morris
robert coverdale's struggle by horatio jr. alger
life and literature by j. purver richardson
the conflict between private monopoly and good citizenship
the snow-image by nathaniel hawthorne
the adventurers of england on hudson bay by agnes christina laut
the day of sir john macdonald by joseph pope
mark mason's victory by horatio alger
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 367 may 1846by various
the prayers of st. paul by w. h. griffith thomas
forty-two poems by james elroy flecker
dickens' london by francis miltoun
betelguese by jean louis de esque
twelve causes of dishonesty by henry ward beecher
the works of robert louis stevenson by robert louis stevenson
dave porter and his double by edward stratemeyer
philippine islands 1493-1898; volume 41 of 55 1691-1700 by various
rio grande's last race and other verses andrew barton 'banjo' paterson
all the way to fairyland by evelyn sharp
hydesville by thomas olman todd
benjamin franklin a picture of the struggles of our infant
a short essay toward the improvement of psalmody by isaac watts
the cleveland era a chronicle of the new order in politics
christology of the old testament: and a commentary on the
english as she is spoke by jos?a fonseca and pedro carolino
on the execution of music and principally of ancient music
punch or the london charivari volume 98 march 22 1890 by various
the galaxy vol. 23 no. 1 by various
the bright face of danger by robert neilson stephens and h. c. edwards
traditional nursery songs of england by various
how to form a library 2nd ed by h. b. wheatley
the poets' lincoln by various
rhymes old and new by m.e.s. wright
elam storm the wolfer by harry castlemon
was man created? by henry a. mott
calumet 'k' by samuel merwin and henry kitchell webster
?ile by jean jacques rousseau
a book of sibyls by anne thackeray ritchie
hope mills by amanda m. douglas
mrs. tree by laura e. richards
desperate remedies by thomas hardy
byways of ghost-land by elliott o'donnell
canned fruit preserves and jellies: household methods
the strand magazine volume v issue 29 may 1893 by various
the turkish bath by robert owen allsop
flamp the ameliorator and the schoolboy's apprentice by e. v. lucas
the bountiful lady by thomas cobb
snow on the headlight by cy warman
the lieutenant-governor by guy wetmore carryl
the way to god and how to find it by dwight moody
the last chronicle of barset by anthony trollope
a day with keats by may clarissa gillington byron
the boy scout fire fighters by irving crump
essays in english literature 1780-1860 by george saintsbury
through russian snows by g. a henty
the american missionary -- volume 39 no. 03 march 1885 by various
the land of the changing sun by william n. harben
john whopper by thomas march clark
a manifest destiny by julia magruder
a tale of the summer holidays by g. mockler
the winning of popular government by archibald macmechan
needlework as art by marian alford
the sign of silence by william le queux
vegetable diet: as sanctioned by medical men and by
the little duke by charlotte m. yonge
the humors of falconbridge by jonathan f. kelley
iol? by james a. mackereth
the international spy by allen upward
the rustler of wind river by g. w. ogden
shirley by charlotte bront?
confessions of a neurasthenic by william taylor marrs
the green helmet and other poems by william butler yeats
phrenological development of robert burns by george combe
the fifth of november by charles s. bentley and f. kimball scribner
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 5 1890 by various
the adventures of a brownie by miss mulock
a history of science volume 5(of 5) by henry smith williams
two maiden aunts by mary h. debenham
a critical history of free thought in reference to the
the count's millions vol. 1 by emile gaboriau
notes of a war correspondent by richard harding davis
collected poems by alfred noyes
the gorgeous isle by gertrude atherton
the truth about america by edward money
jane shore by nicholas rowe
anarchism and socialism by george plechanoff
right above race by otto hermann kahn
the instruction of ptah-hotep and the instruction of ke'gemni
an open-eyed conspiracy by w. d. howells
birds illustrated by color photography vol. ii no 3
the complete works of plutarch vol. 3 essays and miscellanies
the etiquette of engagement and marriage by g. r. m. devereux
birds illustrated by color photography [july 1897] by various
percy by hannah more
illustrations of the book of job by william blake
the works of robert louis stevenson swanston edition
signs of change by william morris
skipper worse by alexander lange kielland
a vindication of the seventh-day sabbath by joseph bates
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 12 1890 by various
volcanic islands by charles darwin
the gates between by elizabeth stuart phelps
a treatise on anatomy physiology and hygiene (revised edition)
berenice by e. phillips oppenheim
the a b c. with the church of england catechism by unknown
george brown by john lewis
the thirteen little black pigs by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
the shores of the adriatic by f. hamilton jackson
the twentieth century american by h. perry robinson
the wood beyond the world by william morris
finn the wolfhound by a. j. dawson
the humourous story of farmer bumpkin's lawsuit by richard harris
birds illustrated by colour photography vol ii. no. 4
the adventure league by hilda t. skae
little meg's children by hesba stretton
eighth reader by james baldwin and ida c. bender
his last week by william e. barton theodore f. soares and
unfinished portraits by jennette lee
the evolution of the country community by warren h. wilson
before and after waterloo by edward stanley
the art of lecturing by arthur morrow lewis
kipling stories and poems every child should know book ii
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 19 may 1890 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. cl april 26 1916 by various
told in the coffee house by cyrus adler and allan ramsay
the shepherd of my soul by charles j. callan
notes in north africa by w. g. windham
the covent garden theatre or pasquin turn'd drawcansir
a diplomatic adventure by s. weir mitchell
the exploits of juve by ?ile souvestre and marcel allain
the continental dragoon by robert neilson stephens
the greville memoirs by charles c. f. greville
the greville memoirs by charles c. f. greville
notes and queries number 215 december 10 1853 by various
notes and queries number 216 december 17 1853 by various
the battle of atlanta by grenville m. dodge
works of robert louis stevenson volume 9 by robert louis stevenson
collected poems by alfred noyes
the pines of lory by john ames mitchell
the landleaguers by anthony trollope
australia its history and present condition by william pridden
christology of the old testament: and a commentary on the
the message and the man: by j. dodd jackson
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 90 april 1865 by various
records of later life by frances ann kemble
a danish parsonage by john fulford vicary
epistle sermons vol. iii by martin luther
ancient art of the province of chiriqui colombia
the unknown quantity by henry van dyke
the missourian by eugene percy lyle
alexander the great by jacob abbott
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 3 1890 by various
birds illustrated by color photograph volume 1 number 2
in the heart of a fool by william allen white
the naples riviera by herbert m. vaughan
the somnambulist and the detective by allan pinkerton
notes and queries number 232 april 8 1854 by various
aurora the magnificent by gertrude hall
works of robert louis stevenson volume xv by robert louis stevenson
notes and queries number 233 april 15 1854 by various
woman under socialism by august bebel
works of robert louis stevenson volume xxi by robert louis stevenson
paris from the earliest period to the present day; volume 1
in the seven woods by william butler yeats
the revenge by edward young
the purple cow! by gelett burgess
sovereign grace by dwight moody
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
discourses on a sober and temperate life by lewis cornaro
pedagogics as a system by karl rosenkranz
the story of a new york house by henry cuyler bunner
callista by john henry cardinal newman
gossip in the first decade of victoria's reign by john ashton
birds illustrated by color photography [june 1897] by various
daisy's necklace by thomas bailey aldrich
a father of women by alice meynell
hard cash by charles reade
the brownings by lilian whiting
eidolon by walter r. cassels
famous firesides of french canada by mary wilson alloway
presbyterian worship by robert johnston
primary handwork by ella victoria dobbs
birds illustrated by color photography vol. ii.
supplement to punch 16th december 1914 by various
washington square plays by various
nanny merry by anonymous
buxton and its medicinal waters by robert ottiwell gifford-bennet
the boys of '98 by james otis
little tales of the desert by ethel twycross foster
the lord of misrule by alfred noyes
the brass bottle by f. anstey
the great boer war by arthur conan doyle
the casual ward by a. d. godley
sir tom by mrs. oliphant
renaissance fancies and studies by violet paget
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 10 1890 by various
alaska days with john muir by samuel hall young
three elephant power by andrew barton 'banjo' paterson
the hound of the baskervilles by arthur conan doyle
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
a critique of the theory of evolution by thomas hunt morgan
the record of nicholas freydon by alec john dawson
the rain cloud by anonymous
cyrus the great by jacob abbott
history of the rise of the huguenots by henry baird
god and the world by arthur w. robinson
the golden slipper by anna katharine green
the origins and destiny of imperial britain by j. a. cramb
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 2
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
east anglia by j. ewing ritchie
andersonville by john mcelroy
happy days for boys and girls by various
robert burns by gabriel setoun
fathers and children by ivan sergeevich turgenev
absolution by clara viebig
cole's funny picture book no. 1 by edward william cole
motor boat boys down the coast by louis arundel
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
industrial conspiracies by clarence s. darrow
the fate of felix brand by florence finch kelly
mushrooms of america edible and poisonous by anonymous
clark's field by robert herrick
my schools and schoolmasters by hugh miller
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 march 29 1890 by various
men of the bible by dwight moody
the philosophy of evolution by stephen h. carpenter
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
calamities and quarrels of authors by isaac disraeli
ringan gilhaize by john galt
the sex worship and symbolism of primitive races by sanger brown ii
the stones of venice volume ii (of 3) by john ruskin
the stones of venice volume iii (of 3) by john ruskin
my private menagerie by theophile gautier
news writing by m. lyle spencer
sowing and reaping by dwight moody
the baptist magazine vol. 27 january 1835 by various
minutes of the proceedings of the second convention of
elements of chemistry by antoine lavoisier
materials and methods of fiction by clayton hamilton
rhymes and meters by horatio winslow
with joffre at verdun by frederick sadleir brereton
lavengro by george borrow
the princess of ponthieu by unknown
the song of hiawatha by henry wadsworth longfellow
the gn? of the light by f. lamplugh
nature myths and stories for little children by flora j. cooke
commentaries on the laws of england by william blackstone
books before typography by frederick w. hamilton
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
history of farming in ontario by c. c. james
aunt charlotte's stories of greek history by charlotte mary yonge
the moving finger by e. phillips oppenheim
with the french in france and salonika by richard harding davis
notes and queries number 234 april 22 1854 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 january 25th 1890
old roads and new roads by william bodham donne
campaign of battery d first rhode island light artillery
the rushton boys at treasure cove by spencer davenport
the campfire girls on ellen's isle by hildegard g. frey
gold by stewart white
the count's chauffeur by william le queux
our young folks--vol. i no. ii february 1865 by various
weeds by the wall by madison j. cawein
a country gentleman and his family by mrs. margaret oliphant
seven keys to baldpate by earl derr biggers
a city schoolgirl by may baldwin
ashton-kirk criminologist by john t. mcintyre
the girls of central high on lake luna by gertrude w. morrison
poems of west & east by vita sackville-west
the boys and i by mrs. molesworth
the tragedy of caesar's revenge by anonymous
compound words by frederick w. hamilton
mrs. cliff's yacht by frank r. stockton
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
philippine mats by u.s. andes alice brezina
fifteenth century prose and verse by various
mrs. raffles by john kendrick bangs
the voice by frank e. miller
the wife of sir isaac harman by herbert george wells
ruby at school by minnie e. paull
breakfasts and teas by paul pierce
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 91 may 1865 by various
castle in spain by james de mille
the missing tin box by arthur m. winfield
analysis of mr. mill's system of logic by william stebbing
original short stories vol. 11 of 13 by guy de maupassant
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
legends & romances of brittany by lewis spence
a collection of state-papers relative to the first
his lordship's leopard by david dwight wells
maria antoinette by john stevens cabot abbott
eternal life by henry drummond
the painter in oil by daniel burleigh parkhurst
the life of blessed john b. marie vianney cur?f ars by anonymous
original short stories vol. 12 of 13 by guy de maupassant
pope adrian iv by richard raby
two little women by carolyn wells
god and mr. wells by william archer
george borrow by thomas seccombe
the american church dictionary and cyclopedia by william james miller
the mechanism of the human voice by emil behnke
original short stories vol. 13 of 13 by guy de maupassant
the co-citizens by corra harris
the little book of the flag by eva march tappan
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
when ghost meets ghost by william frend de morgan
a little housekeeping book for a little girl
the man who did not die by j. h. willard
rhymes of a rolling stone by robert w. service
original short stories complete by guy de maupassant
the boarded-up house by augusta huiell seaman
rosemary in search of a fatherby c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the bible in its making by mildred duff and noel hope
eight hundred leagues on the amazon by jules verne
the queen against owen by allen upward
the corner house girls growing up by grace brooks hill
the conquest of new france: a chronicle of the colonial wars
thirty-seven days of peril by truman everts
the wilderness trail by frank williams
the eve of the revolution: a chronicle of the breach with england
the ethnology of the british islands by robert gordon latham
venice preserved by thomas otway
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 2 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 98 may 17 1890. by various
polly's senior year at boarding school by dorothy whitehill
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
red eve by h. rider haggard
peggy owen and liberty by lucy foster madison
german classics of the nineteenth and twentieth centuries by various
harper's new monthly magazine volume 2 no. 12 may 1851 by various
lectures delivered in america in 1874 by charles kingsley
the lady of the shroud by bram stoker
the go ahead boys and the treasure cave by ross kay
the boy allies with the cossacks by clair w. hayes
with ethan allen at ticonderoga by w. bert foster
the boy scout and other stories for boys by richard harding davis
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the princess idleways by mrs. w. j. hayes
history of the great american fortunes vol. i by myers gustavus
beatrice by h. rider haggard
the rushton boys at rally hall by spencer davenport
an apology for the life of mrs. shamela andrews by conny keyber
birds illustrated by color photography december 1897
miss mouse and her boys by mrs. molesworth
a sunny little lass by evelyn raymond
the big five motorcycle boys on the battle line by ralph marlow
the wanderer's necklace by h. rider haggard
miss cayley's adventures by grant allen
soil culture by j. h. walden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 1 by various
nuala o'malley by h. bedford-jones
kidnapped at the altar by laura jean libbey
an introduction to shakespeare by n. maccraken
knots bends splices by j. netherclift jutsum
porto rico by arthur d. hall
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the spectacle man by mary f. leonard
indian methodist hymn-book by various
the oedipus trilogy by sophocles
before adam by jack london
legge prolegomena by james legge
the history and antiquities of horsham by howard dudley
ten thousand a-year volume 1 by samuel warren
the author's printing and publishing assistant by frederick saunders
the girls and i by mary louisa stewart molesworth
washington irving by charles dudley warner
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning
catalogue of the books presented by edward capell to the
ivory apes and peacocks by james huneker
a farmer's wife by j. h. willard
four ghost stories by mrs. molesworth
their pilgrimage by charles dudley warner
the bandbox by louis joseph vance
the life of napoleon bonaparte by william milligan sloane
walt whitman yesterday and today by henry eduard legler
a little journey in the world by charles dudley warner
guy fawkes by thomas lathbury
james vi and the gowrie mystery by andrew lang
by-ways in book-land by william davenport adams
the lovers assistant or new art of love by henry fielding
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
punch or the london charivari volume 98 may 24 1890 by various
the golden house by charles dudley warner
the day of sir wilfrid laurier by oscar d. skelton
the turn of the road by rutherford mayne
frondes agrestes by john ruskin
a battery at close quarters by henry m. neil
bugle blasts by william e. crane
that fortune by charles dudley warner
the atlantic monthly volume 15 no. 92 june 1865 by various
the history of the devil by daniel defoe
twenty-five years in the black belt by william james edwards
the grandee by armando palacio vald?
the wishing moon by louise elizabeth dutton
as we were saying by charles dudley warner
stories by american authors volume 2 by various
in the school-room by john s. hart
andrew jackson by william garrott brown
as we go by charles dudley warner
how department stores are carried on by w. b. phillips
in the ranks by r. e. mcbride
curiosities of literature vol. 3 (of 3) by isaac disraeli
the german classics v. 20 by various
the mermaid of druid lake and other stories by charles weathers bump
the recipe for diamonds by charles john cutcliffe wright hyne
the galaxy volume 23 no. 2 february 1877 by various
and they thought we wouldn't fight by floyd gibbons
a rebel war clerk's diary at the confederate states capital
fashions in literature by charles dudley warner
inspiration and interpretation by john burgon
cedar creek by elizabeth hely walshe
hero stories from american history
stories by american authors volume 3 by various
the lily and the cross by james de mille
froebel's gifts by kate douglas wiggin and nora archibald smith
'jena' or 'sedan'? by franz beyerlein
bunner sisters by edith wharton
american newspaper by charles dudley warner
spenser by r. w. church
a christmas greeting by hans christian andersen
the place of anarchism in socialistic evolution by pierre kropotkin
the elements of agriculture by george e. waring
brooke's daughter by adeline sergeant
violence and the labor movement by robert hunter
certain diversities of american life by charles dudley warner
across asia on a bicycle by thomas gaskell allen
the scarlet stigma by james edgar smith
company 'a' corps of engineers u.s.a. 1846-1848
an account of our arresting experiences by conway evans
the long day by dorothy richardson
pilgrim and the american of today 1892 by charles dudley warner
the mystery of witch-face mountain and other stories
a diary without dates by enid bagnold
life and work of susan b. anthony (volume 2 of 2) by ida husted harper
rembrandt's amsterdam by frits lugt
facing death by g. a. henty
some causes of the prevailing discontent by charles dudley warner
boys' book of indian warriors by edwin l. sabin
hazlitt on english literature by jacob zeitlin
home life of great authors by hattie tyng griswold
stories by american authors volume 7 by various
the adventures of the eleven cuff-buttons by james francis thierry
the plow-woman by eleanor gates
young auctioneers by edward stratemeyer
on the nature of thought by john haslam
talkers by john bate
stories by american authors volume 8 by various
the indeterminate sentence by charles dudley warner
the english novel in the time of shakespeare by j. j. jusserand
the academy keeper by anonymous
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 1 by various
hymns from the greek office books by john brownlie
campaigning in cuba by george kennan
essentials of economic theory by john bates clark
free joe and other georgian sketches by joel chandler harris
german problems and personalities by charles sarolea
the international monthly volume 5 no. 3 march 1852 by various
are we ruined by the germans? by harold cox
the church handy dictionary by anonymous
the old willow tree and other stories by carl ewald
the american missionary - volume 39 no. 08 august 1885 by various
relation of literature to life by charles dudley warner
old english poems by various
anxious audrey by mabel quiller-couch
ritual conformity by unknown
ellen middleton--a tale by georgiana fullerton
rembrandt with a complete list of his etchings by arthur hind
poems by g.k. chesterton
chapters in the history of the insane in the british isles
what shall we do now?: five hundred games and pastimes
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 2 july 1850. by various
'laramie;' by charles king
the monster and other stories by stephen crane
what is your culture to me by charles dudley warner
a letter to the hon. samuel eliot representative in
manifesto of the communist party by karl marx and frederick engels
stories by american authors volume 9 by various
english caricaturists and graphic humourists
time and tide by weare and tyne by john ruskin
young adventure by stephen vincent benet
the wide awake girls in winsted by katharine ellis barrett
the brown fairy book by andrew lang
the strange cases of dr. stanchon by josephine daskam bacon
medica sacra by richard mead
burgoyne's invasion of 1777 by samuel adams drake
indian fairy tales by anonymous
thoughts suggested by mr. froude's progress by charles dudley warner
the redskins; or indian and injin volume 1 by james fenimore cooper
cavalry of the clouds by alan bott
the advocate by charles heavysege
broad-sword and single-stick by r. g. allanson-winn
household papers and stories by harriet beecher stowe
the life and times of ulric zwingli by johann hottinger
rulers of india: albuquerque by henry morse stephens
stories by american authors volume 10 by various
the house by the lock by a. m. williamson
pot-boilers by clive bell
allopathy and homoeopathy before the judgement of common sense!
under padlock and seal by charles harold avery
history of morgan's cavalry by basil w. duke
a history of the english church in new zealand by henry thomas purchas
noah webster by horace e. scudder
the people for whom shakespeare wrote by charles dudley warner
aliens by william mcfee
critical remarks on sir charles grandison clarissa
twentieth century inventions by george sutherland
a dear little girl by amy e. blanchard
acadian reminiscences by felix voorhies
camilla: a tale of a violin by charles barnard
a little garrison by fritz von der kyrburg
the complete essays of charles dudley warner
the book of pears and plums by edward bartrum
the red moccasins by morrison heady
a morning's walk from london to kew by richard phillips
the conservation of races by w. e. burghardt du bois
how the black st. domingo legion saved the patriot
dainty's cruel rivals by mrs. alex mcveigh miller
our campaign around gettysburg by john lockwood
the boy with the u. s. life-savers by francis rolt-wheeler
on horseback by charles dudley warner
bark kathleen sunk by a whale by thomas h. jenkins
aunt hannah and seth by james otis
quality street by j. m. barrie
taxonomy of the chipmunks eutamias quadrivittatus
civilization the primal need of the race by alexander crummell
upon the tree-tops by olive thorne miller
being a boy by charles dudley warner
the writings of thomas paine complete by thomas paine
the writings of thomas paine volume iii. by thomas paine
threads of grey and gold by myrtle reed
lady anna by anthony trollope
letters to eugenia by baron d'holbach
anglo-saxon grammar and exercise book by c. alphonso smith
the history of freedom by john emerich edward dalberg-acton
a review of hoffman's race traits and tendencies
saunterings by charles dudley warner
the conscript by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
waterloo by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
right on the scaffold or the martyrs of 1822 by archibald h. grimke
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
a year in the fields by john burroughs
ethnology of the british colonies and dependencies
the trial of theodore parker by theodore parker
the ultimate criminal by archibald h. grimke
the children of the night by edwin arlington robinson
captain john smith by charles dudley warner
peonage by lafayette m. hershaw
euphorion by vernon lee
euphorion by vernon lee
atta troll by heinrich heine
orientations by william somerset maugham
vocations explained by anonymous
the forerunners by romain rolland
the trumpeter of s?ingen by joseph victor von scheffel
charles sumner centenary by archibald h. grimke
the coming of evolution by john wesley judd
the campaign of the jungle by edward stratemeyer
geronimo's story of his life by geronimo
ball's bluff by charles lawrence peirson
in the wilderness by charles dudley warner
the wooing of calvin parks by laura e. richards
the demand and the supply of increased efficiency
the angel of the revolution by george griffith
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 2 by various
baddeck and that sort of thing by charles dudley warner
the ballotless victim of one-party governments by archibald h. grimke
a journal of impressions in belgium by may sinclair
history of the constitutions of iowa by benjamin f. shambaugh
an account of the diseases which were most frequent
backlog studies by charles dudley warner
the colored girl beautiful by e. azalia hackley
apparitions; or the mystery of ghosts hobgoblins and
the 3 little kittens by anonymous
history of the intellectual development of europe
summer in a garden and calvin a study of character
bible studies in the life of paul by henry t. sell
sex-education by maurice alpheus bigelow
personal recollections of the war of 1861 by charles augustus fuller
death by maurice maeterlinck
harper's new monthly magazine volume 1 no. 4
notes and queries number 235 april 29 1854 by various
anthropology by daniel garrison brinton
the weans at rowallan by kathleen fitzpatrick
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
a little dusky hero by harriot t comstock
the training of a forester by gifford pinchot
glimpses of the past by w. o. raymond
the rise of roscoe paine by joseph c. lincoln
mistress nell by george c. hazelton jr
the little clown by thomas cobb
solaris farm by milan c. edson
under false pretences by adeline sergeant
weird tales. vol. i by e. t. a. hoffmann
notes and queries number 237 may 13 1854 by various
ballades & rhymes by andrew lang
bred of the desert by marcus horton
the squire's daughter by archibald marshall
in the early days along the overland trail in nebraska
mad shepherds by l. p. jacks
betty wales freshman by edith k. dunton
mother truth's melodies by mrs. e. p. miller
the boy scouts in the maine woods by herbert carter
the dove in the eagle's nest by charlotte m. yonge
the may flower and miscellaneous writings by harriet beecher stowe
an isle in the water by katharine tynan
the campfire girls on the field of honor by margaret vandercook
a week's tramp in dickens-land by william r. hughes
railway adventures and anecdotes
the earl of essex by henry jones
notes and queries number 238 may 20 1854 by various
idle ideas in 1905 by jerome k. jerome
cudjo's cave by j. t. trowbridge
the oxford degree ceremony by joseph wells
timar's two worlds by m??
the irish race in the past and the present by augustus j. thbaud
the boy slaves by mayne reid
old and new london by walter thornbury
the story of extinct civilizations of the west by robert e. anderson
bear brownie by h. p. robinson
stained glass work by c. w. whall
the immortal moment by may sinclair
psychic phenomena by edward t. bennett
the battle and the ruins of cintla by daniel g. brinton
wyn's camping days by amy bell marlowe
plays and puritans by charles kingsley
la sorci?: the witch of the middle ages by jules michelet
through apache lands by r. h. jayne
the kempton-wace letters by jack london and anna strunsky
in-door gardening for every week in the year by william keane
report of the proceedings at the examination of charles
report of the decision of the supreme court of the
sir walter raleigh and his time by charles kingsley
the church of england magazine - volume 10
weird tales vol. ii. by e. t. a. hoffmann
across the plains to california in 1852 by lodisa frizell
a little question in ladies' rights by parker fillmore
the southern soldier boy by james carson elliott
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 93 july 1865 by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 2 no. 8 january 1851 by various
the evidence in the case by james m. beck and joseph h. choate
oliver goldsmith by e. s. lang buckland
the orphan by thomas otway
the council of dogs by william roscoe
the rub??of a bachelor by helen rowland
the battle of franklin tennessee by john k. shellenberger
a summer in a canyon by kate douglas wiggin
john march southerner by george w. cable
cynthia's chauffeur by louis tracy
the life of nancy by sarah orne jewett
celebrated women travellers of the nineteenth century by
a village stradivarius by kate douglas wiggin
tales from the lands of nuts and grapes by various
smeaton and lighthouses by john smeaton
the first little pet book with ten short stories in words
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
blue goose by frank lewis nason
the monkey's frolic by anonymous
boy scouts on the great divide by archibald lee fletcher
the little regiment by stephen crane
a mad love by bertha m. clay
marm lisa by kate douglas wiggin
the religion of politics by ezra s. gannett
rossmoyne by margaret wolfe hamilton
the daughter of a republican by bernie babcock
the young man in business by edward w. bok
a little hero by mrs. h. musgrave
a campfire girl's happiness by jane l. stewart
rhymes of a red cross man by robert w. service
human nature and other sermons by joseph butler
the position of woman in primitive society by c. gasquoine hartley
contemporary russian novelists by serge persky
concerning justice by lucilius a. emery
the sweet girl graduates by rea woodman
peggy raymond's vacation by harriet lummis smith
euthenics the science of controllable environment
the city of domes by john d. barry
mary magdalen by edgar saltus
history of witchcraft in england from 1558 to 1718
the coming of the law by charles alden seltzer
a week at waterloo in 1815 by magdalene de lancey
trusia by davis brinton
books condemned to be burnt by james anson farrer
the pearl of orr's island by harriet beecher stowe
the price of the prairie by margaret hill mccarter
james gilmour of mongolia by james gilmour
life of wagner by louis nohl
doubloons--and the girl by john maxwell forbes
romantic spain by john augustus o'shea
fifty-two sunday dinners by elizabeth o. hiller
a monk of cruta by e. phillips oppenheim
the surprising adventures of baron munchausen by rudolph erich raspe
marguerite de roberval by t. g. marquis
a concise anglo-saxon dictionary by john r. clark hall
studies in spermatogenesis (part 1 of 2) by nettie maria stevens
studies in spermatogenesis by nettie maria stevens
a succinct account of the plague at marseilles
the battle of the big hole by g. o. shields
she by h. rider haggard
the first essay on the political rights of women
pirates and piracy by oscar herrmann
university education in ireland by samuel haughton
lectures on russian literature by ivan panin
under the liberty tree by james otis
dick in the desert by james otis
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
monograph on the sub-class cirripedia (volume 1 of 2)
cupid's middleman by edward b. lent
walladmor: by thomas de quincey
lee's last campaign by john c. gorman
the lawyers a drama in five acts by augustus william iffland
walladmor: by thomas de quincey
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 5 november 1848 by various
historic tales vol. 12 (of 15) by charles morris
rulers of india: akbar by george bruce malleson
room number 3 by anna katharine green
olla podrida by frederick marryat
our american cousin by tom taylor
st. gregory and the gregorian music by e. g. p. wyatt
history of the seventh ohio volunteer cavalry by r. c. rankin
scouting with daniel boone by everett t. tomlinson
cato by joseph addison
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume iii by various
the song of lancaster kentucky by eugenia dunlap potts
the return of the prodigal by may sinclair
the art and craft of printing by william morris
the golden road by lucy maud montgomery
a canadian bankclerk by j. p. buschlen
studies in prophecy by arno c. gaebelein
works of martin luther by martin luther
the cooking manual of practical directions for economical
twelve preludes for the pianoforte op. 25 by n. louise wright
in the brooding wild by ridgwell cullum
the lords of the ghostland by edgar saltus
a trip to the orient by robert urie jacob
narratives of new netherland 1609-1664 by various
the books of chilan balam the prophetic and historic
chicago's black traffic in white girls by jean turner-zimmermann
health lessons by alvin davison
silver links by various
the enchanted typewriter by john kendrick bangs
vashti by augusta j. evans wilson
optimism by helen keller
modern painters volume iv (of v) by john ruskin
volcanoes: past and present by edward hull
scotland yard by george dilnot
birds and bees sharp eyes and other papers by john burroughs
hand-loom weaving by mattie phipps todd
the silent barrier by louis tracy
complete classified price list of school and college
crestlands by mary addams bayne
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 4 by various
eyes like the sea by m??
asparagus its culture for home use and for market by f. m. hexamer
the tatler volume 3 by various
through our unknown southwest by agnes c. laut
kept for the master's use by frances ridley havergal
rashi by maurice liber
a daughter of the forest by evelyn raymond
side-stepping with shorty by sewell ford
doctor thorne by anthony trollope
recreations of christopher north volume i (of 2) by john wilson
the nephews: a play in five acts. by william augustus iffland
the serapion brethren by ernst theordor wilhelm hoffmann
a discourse for the time delivered january 4 1852 in the
plain talks on avoided subjects by henry newell guernsey
the triads of ireland by kuno meyer
the rose of paradise by howard pyle
the annals of willenhall by frederick william hackwood
heathen master filcsik by k??miksz?
studies in contemporary biography by james bryce viscount bryce
in the border country by william shillinglaw crockett
hand and ring by anna katharine green
life of john keats by william michael rossetti
belford's magazine volume ii no. 8 january 1889 by various
nuts and nutcrackers by charles james lever
stories of the foot-hills by margaret collier graham
what shall i be? by rev. francis cassily
notes and queries number 239 may 27 1854 by various
the bacillus of long life by loudon douglas
the shepherd of salisbury plain and other tales by hannah more
history of nineteenth century literature (1780-1895) george saintsbury
the culprit fay and other poems by joseph rodman drake
chants for socialists by william morris
reflections of a bachelor girl by helen rowland
type cases and composing-room furniture by a. a. stewart
the social direction of evolution by william e. kellicott
minor poems by milton by john milton
our southern highlanders by horace kephart
in defense of harriet shelley by mark twain
the hills and the vale by richard jefferies
the life of william ewart gladstone (vol 3 of 3) by john morley
the garden of dreams by madison j. cawein
art of needle-work from the earliest ages 3rd ed. by elizabeth stone
a prince of good fellows by robert barr
the witches of new york by q. k. philander doesticks
the rosie world by parker fillmore
madge morton's trust by amy d. v. chalmers
fenimore cooper's literary offences by mark twain
elizabeth gilbert and her work for the blind by frances martin
corner house girls in a play by grace brooks hill and r. emmett owen
cecilia by f. marion crawford
poems and ballads of heinrich heine by heinrich heine
my brave and gallant gentleman by robert watson
the apple by various
aus meinem k?reich by carmen sylva
tribute to a good man by f. t. gray
the rebellion in the cevennes an historical novel
the rebellion in the cevennes an historical novel
a dog's tale by mark twain
wau-nan-gee or the massacre at chicago by major john richardson
sound mind by john haslam
irish ecclesiastical record (volume 1) (1865-1868)
a burlesque autobiography by mark twain
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
the gold sickle by eug? sue
the infant's skull by eug? sue
the innocents abroad complete by mark twain
why do we need a public library? by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland
irish fairy tales by william butler yeats
days and dreams by madison j. cawein
my lady of the chimney corner by alexander irvine
the economic functions of vice by john mcelroy
uncle daniel's story of tom anderson by john mcelroy
roughing it complete by mark twain
the struggle for missouri by john mcelroy
si klegg book 1 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 2 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 3 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 4 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 5 (of 6) by john mcelroy
si klegg book 6 (of 6) by john mcelroy
why a national literature cannot flourish in the united
the gilded age complete by mark twain and charles dudley warner
journal of a trip to california by the overland route
the poniard's hilt by eug? sue
was general thomas slow at nashville? by henry v. boynton
the frontiersman by h. a. cody
for john's sake by annie frances perram
five little starrs in the canadian forest
the bird and insects' post office by robert bloomfield
the american claimant by mark twain
family limitation by margaret sanger
training the teacher by a. f. schauffler antoinette
naturalism and religion by rudolf otto
yellow-cap and other fairy-stories for children by julian hawthorne
logic inductive and deductive by william minto
sketch of a new esthetic of music by ferruccio busoni
john barleycorn by jack london
a double barrelled detective story by mark twain
the story of old fort loudon by charles egbert craddock
francezka by molly elliot seawell
the house of fulfilment by george madden martin
the plague at marseilles consider'd by richard bradley
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
the stolen white elephant by mark twain
wanderings in south america by charles waterton
checkers by henry m. blossom
literary new york by charles hemstreet
the history of the medical department of transylvania
some rambling notes of an idle excursion by mark twain
the serapion brethren by ernst theodor wilhelm hoffmann
s?ca by vicente blasco ib?z
atlanta by atlanta chamber of commerce
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 3 by robert h. newell
the genius by theodore dreiser
portia by duchess
tales from blackwood by various
etna by g. f. rodwell
vocal expression by katherine jewell everts
translation of the new testament from the original greek by t. haweis
the facts concerning the recent carnival of crime
marcy the refugee by harry castlemon
the travellers by catharine maria sedgwick
prisoners of conscience by amelia edith huddleston barr
better than play by mabel quiller-couch
little wolf by m. a. cornelius
the atlantic monthly volume 14 no. 81 july 1864 by various
john brown by frederick douglass
alonzo fitz and other stories by mark twain
of six medi?l women by alice kemp-welch
the unconstitutionality of slavery by lysander spooner
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
dog stories from the spectator by various
a proposal for the better supplying of churches in our
those extraordinary twins by mark twain
mcclure's magazine vol. xxxi no. 4 august 1908 by various
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 6 by various
strangers and wayfarers by sarah orne jewett
ancestors by gertrude atherton
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 61 no. 377 march 1847
the mysterious stranger and other stories by mark twain
the red symbol by john ironside
almost a woman by mary wood-allen
henry viii and his court by herbert tree
hansford: a tale of bacon's rebellion by st. george tucker
history of the sixteenth connecticut volunteers by b. f. blakeslee
red riding hood by lydia l. very
the lamplighter by maria s. cummins
christian science by mark twain
frances of the ranges by amy bell marlowe
the christian church in these islands before the coming
henry of ofterdingen: a romance. by friedrich von hardenberg
second book of verse by eugene field
introduction to the study of comparative religion
the christian view of the old testament by frederick carl eiselen
the tempers by william carlos williams
coelebs in search of a wife by hannah more
mark twain's speeches
physiology of the opera by john h. swaby
a guest at the ludlow and other stories by edgar wilson (bill) nye
bible myths and their parallels in other religions by t. w. doane
pretty michal by m??
our battery by orlando p. cutter
some conditions of child life in england by benjamin waugh
the great mississippi flood of 1874 by louis a. wiltz
sketches new and old complete by mark twain
song-surf by cale young rice
essays on the constitution of the united states by various
in and out of rebel prisons by lieut. a. [alonzo] cooper
idyllic monologues by madison j. cawein
the ways of men by eliot gregory
1601 by mark twain
historic tales vol. xiii (of 15) by charles morris
tom burke of ours volume i (of ii) by charles james lever
tom burke of ours volume ii (of ii) by charles james lever
anarchism by e. v. zenker
ancient pottery of the mississippi valley by william h. holmes
with the world's great travellers volume 1 by various
goldsmith's friend abroad again by mark twain
memoirs of the extraordinary military career of john shipp
the pictures; the betrothing by ludwig lewis tieck
undertones by madison j. cawein
an artist in crime by rodrigues ottolengui
the works of robert louis stevenson - swanston edition
blooms of the berry by madison j. cawein
the next step in religion by roy wood sellars
the land of nome by lanier mckee
the pearl of india by maturin m. ballou
eden by edgar saltus
the story of hiawatha by winston stokes
the portal of dreams by charles neville buck
a golfing idyll by violet flint and a. islay bannerman
memoirs of madame vig?lebrun by marie louise elisabeth vig?lebrun
the cathedrals and churches of the rhine by francis miltoun
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
artists past and present by elisabeth luther cary
rationalism by john mackinnon robertson
leonore stubbs by l. b. walford
st. peter's umbrella by k??miksz?
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
the letters of mark twain vol. 3 1876-1885
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 6 slice 7 by various
lectures on horsemanship by unknown
the cathedrals of northern spain by charles rudy
graded poetry: third year by various
the birth of the war-god by kalidasa
eleven days in the militia during the war of the rebellion
the letters of mark twain vol. 5 1901-1906
my service in the u.s. colored cavalry by frederick w. browne
rhode island artillery at the first battle of bull run
the fourth massachusetts cavalry in the closing scenes of
dressed game and poultry ?a mode by harriet a. de salis
a life sentence by adeline sergeant
some of my war stories by allen ripley foote
titanic by filson young
'round the yule-log: christmas in norway by peter christen asbj?en
the forests of mount rainier national park by grenville f. allen
is there a santa claus? by jacob a. riis
miss muffet's christmas party by samuel mcchord crothers
a history of the army experience of william a. canfield
the natural philosophy of william gilbert and his predecessors
herland by charlotte perkins stetson gilman
border raids and reivers by robert borland
modern substitutes for christianity by pearson mcadam muir
the spiritualists and the detectives by allan pinkerton
a narrative of the shipwreck captivity and sufferings of
the last campaign of the twenty-second regiment n.g.
a historic sketch lest we forget company e 26th ohio
st. paul's epistle to the ephesians by charles gore
company k twentieth regiment illinois volunteer infantry
stone's river by wilson j. vance
island life by alfred russel wallace
a problem in greek ethics by john addington symonds
the boy's voice by j. spencer curwen
the motor girls on the coast by margaret penrose
banking by william a. scott
the battle of stone river by henry myron kendall
ancient irish poetry by various
a raw recruit's war experiences by ansel d. nickerson
vivisection by albert leffingwell
eureka: by edgar a. poe
the third day at stone's river by gilbert c. kniffin
army of the cumberland and the battle of stone's river
jimmy kirkland and the plot for a pennant by hugh s. fullerton
the boy scouts in a trapper's camp by thornton w. burgess
tales from the german by various
josephine by john s. c. abbott
the lay of havelok the dane by unknown
the plants of michigan by henry allan gleason
on the right of the british line by gilbert nobbs
boys of the fort by ralph bonehill
american slave trade by jesse torrey
confessions of con cregan by charles james lever
the daltons volume i (of ii) by charles james lever
the daltons volume ii (of ii) by charles james lever
the wine-ghosts of bremen by wilhelm hauff
fundamental principles of old and new world civilizations
letters from a cat by helen jackson
leviathan by thomas hobbes
specimens of german romance by carl franz van der velde
the banished by wilhelm hauff
the regular brigade of the fourteenth army corps the army
book repair and restoration by mitchell buck
the galaxy june 1877 by various
a rent in a cloud by charles james lever
st. patrick's eve by charles james lever
frontier boys in the south seas by wyn roosevelt
christine by amelia edith huddleston barr
japan by dorothy menpes
memoir of jared sparks ll.d. by brantz mayer
the curlytops snowed in by howard r. garis
the patchwork girl of oz by l. frank baum
the adventures of puss in boots jr. by david cory
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 3 by various
the pentecost of calamity by owen wister
the titanic disaster poem by j. h. mckenzie
moran of the lady letty by frank norris
the crimson gardenia and other tales of adventure by rex beach
elsie in the south by martha finley
belford's magazine vol 2 december 1888 by various
the vision of elijah berl by frank lewis nason
tales of the caravan inn and palace by william hauff
montezuma by hiram hoyt richmond
diary of battery a first regiment rhode island light artillery
rose macleod by alice brown
when the cock crows by waldron baily
eleven possible cases by frank r. stockton maurice thompson
the scrap book. volume 1 no. 2 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 3 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 4 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 5 by various
the scrap book volume 1 no. 6 by various
rulers of india: lord clive by george bruce malleson
long live the king by guy boothby
maids wives and bachelors by amelia edith huddleston barr
a treatise on relics by john calvin
the men of the moss-hags by s. r. crockett
an appeal to honour and justice though it be of his worst
garden and forest weekly volume 1 no. 1 february 29 1888
jan vedder's wife by amelia edith huddleston barr
poetical works of william lisle bowles vol. 2 by william lisle bowles
fugitive poetry by nathaniel parker willis
the scrap book volume 1 no. 1 by various
international incidents for discussion in conversation
the intellectual life by philip gilbert hamerton
the widow by helen rowland
songs of the army of the night by francis adams
love letters of henry viii to anne boleyn
priests women and families by j. michelet
rural wealth and welfare by george thompson fairchild
elsie on the hudson by martha finley
in the oregon country by george palmer putnam
venerable philippine duchesne by g. e. m
thomas andrews by shan f. bullock
susanna and sue by kate douglas wiggin
the last cruise of the saginaw by george h. read
a discourse on the plague by richard mead
children's stories in american literature 1660-1860
under boy scout colors by joseph bushnell ames
witch stories by elizabeth lynn linton
los gringos by henry agustus wise
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 4 by various
folk-lore of shakespeare by thomas firminger thiselton-dyer
the lion's masquerade by catherine ann turner dorset
lord stranleigh abroad by robert barr
tales from blackwood volume 2 by various
eikon basilike by king charles i
the raising and care of guinea pigs by a. c. smith
the works of alexander pope volume 1 by alexander pope
the sentimental vikings by richard voorhees risley
peace with mexico by albert gallatin
the battle of blenheim by hilaire belloc
crecy by hilaire belloc
poitiers by hilaire belloc
cleek of scotland yard by thomas w. hanshew
a house-party by ouida
sowing and sewing by charlotte mary yonge
the irish fairy book by various
the land of long ago by eliza calvert hall
hungarian sketches in peace and war by m??
the woodlands orchids by frederick boyle
the utah batteries: a history by charles r. mabey
the brownies: their book by palmer cox
the adventures of the u-202 by e. spiegel
the marvellous history of the shadowless man and
a captive of the roman eagles by felix dahn
the case and exceptions by frederick trevor hill
felicitas by felix dahn
specimens of german romance; vol. ii. master flea
tom brown's school days by thomas hughes
elsie at viamede by martha finley
the flower princess by abbie farwell brown
the cynic's rules of conduct by chester field jr.
the indian captive by matthew brayton
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 94 august 1865 by various
the wind among the reeds by william butler yeats
the lion of janina by m??
the story of the trapper by a. c. laut
dissertation on slavery by st. george tucker
the boy scouts in the blue ridge by herbert carter
dickens' stories about children every child can read
a wonder book for girls & boys by nathaniel hawthorne
adventures and reminiscences of a volunteer by george t. ulmer
the battle of allatoona october 5th 1864 by william ludlow
the standard cantatas by george p. upton
the princess and joe potter by james otis
american red cross text-book on home hygiene and care of
applied physiology by frank overton
the stages in the social history of capitalism by henri pirenne
the frontier boys in the sierras by wyn roosevelt
cathedral cities of spain by w. w. collins
malplaquet by hilaire belloc
joseph k. f. mansfield brigadier general of the u.s. army
modest remarks upon the bishop of london's letter
tourcoing by hilaire belloc
a frenchman in america by max o'rell
english verse by raymond macdonald alden ph.d
a century of english essays by various
the burning of chambersburg pennsylvania
defenders of democracy by various
a struggle for rome v. 1 by felix dahn
stories of our naval heroes by various
the history and records of the elephant club
the bankrupt by james parkerson
poetical works by james parkerson
characters from life by james parkerson
seven graded sunday schools by various
the children of the top floor by nina rhoades
poems of progress and new thought pastels by ella wheeler wilcox
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of wells by percy dearmer
notes on a tour through the western part of
a letter to lord robert bertie by anonymous
an american girl abroad by adeline trafton
helen of troy by andrew lang
a letter to a gentleman in the country from his friend in london
paul bunyan and his loggers by otis t. howd and cloice r. howd
historic tales vol 14 (of 15) by charles morris
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 5 by various
women of england volume 9 (of 10) by bartlett burleigh james
verses 1889-1896 by rudyard kipling
the counterpane fairy by katharine pyle
the dog by dinks mayhew and hutchinson
indian child life by edwin willard deming and therese o. deming
the destroying angel by louis joseph vance
a brief account of radio-activity by francis preston venable
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
practical high school speller by various
the rifle and the hound in ceylon by samuel white baker
dorothy at oak knowe by evelyn raymond
a soldier's trial by charles king
janice day by helen beecher long
greek women by mitchell carroll
the trail of the sandhill stag by ernest seton-thompson
songs of the ridings by f. w. moorman
the art of illustration by henry blackburn
northern diamonds by frank lillie pollock
the adventures of huckleberry finn by mark twain
methods of authors by hugo erichsen
guy in the jungle by william murray graydon
in the heart of africa by samuel white baker
a struggle for rome vol. 2 (of 3) by felix dahn
waterloo by hilaire belloc
voyage of the paper canoe by nathaniel h. bishop
jacko and jumpo kinkytail by howard r. garis
the old soldiers story by james whitcomb riley
maid sally by harriet a. cheever
belcaro by vernon lee
the letters of the younger pliny first series vol. 1
the o'donoghue by charles james lever
davenport dunn volume 1 (of 2) by charles james lever
davenport dunn volume 2 (of 2) by charles james lever
an englishman in paris by albert dresden vandam
a first year in canterbury settlement by samuel butler
punch or the london charivari vol. 25 july-december 1853 by various
the boy scouts in the rockies by herbert carter
with the children on sunday by sylvanus stall
roman women by alfred brittain
lulu's library volume ii by louisa m. alcott
mr. bonaparte of corsica by john kendrick bangs
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors & architects
ten girls from history by kate dickinson sweetser
outlines of dairy bacteriology by h. l. russell and e. g. hastings
peerless prestidigitation by herbert de caston
graham's magazine vol xxxiii no. 6 december 1848 by various
the garotters by william d. howells
secret diplomatic history of the eighteenth century by karl marx
dickens's children by jessie willcox smith
dick hamilton's fortune by howard r. garis
notes on stable management in india and the colonies by joshua a. nunn
a struggle for rome v. 3 by felix dahn
poems of cheer by ella wheeler wilcox
old friends and new by sarah orne jewett
two wyoming girls and their homestead claim by carrie l. marshall
an humble proposal to the people of england
favorite fairy tales by various
the puppet crown by harold macgrath
toby tyler by james otis
the torch bearer by reina melcher marquis
visits to monasteries in the levant by robert curzon
reminiscences by hans mattson
a knight of the cumberland by john fox jr.
cap'n eri by joseph crosby lincoln
paper and printing recipes by j. sawtelle ford
the girls of hillcrest farm by amy bell marlowe
the story of our country by jesse lyman hurlbut
second thoughts are best: or a further improvement of a late
augusta triumphans by daniel defoe
marie antoinette and the downfall of royalty
corporal cameron of the northwest mounted police by ralph connor
home pork making by a. w. fulton
the nursery rhymes of england by various
the girl from arizona by nina rhoades
oriental women by edward bagby pollard
the constant couple by george farquhar
the doctor; a tale of the rockies by ralph connor
a man of the world by annie payson call
three prize essays on american slavery by r. b. thurston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 7 slice 6 by various
arthur o'leary by charles james lever
maurice tiernay soldier of fortune by charles james lever
the mountain girl by payne erskine
glengarry schooldays by ralph connor
the practical joke by anonymous
fidelity by susan glaspell
how to see a play by richard burton
every-day errors of speech by l. p. meredith
the automobile girls at chicago by laura dent crane
the doctor his wife and the clock by anna katharine green
gertrude's marriage by w. heimburg
saga of halfred the sigskald by felix dahn
tales from the german volume ii by carl franz van der velde
the pain and sorrow of evil marriage by wynkyn de worde
waldfried by berthold auerbach
japanese girls and women by alice mabel bacon
black rock by ralph connor
women of early christianity by alfred brittain and mitchell carroll
british sports for the amusement of children by william belch
molly brown's sophomore days by nell speed
calvert and penn by brantz mayer
christmas eve and christmas day by edward e. hale
the poetical works of william wordsworth volume iv (of 8)
the mirror of literature amusement & instruction vol. 13
the boy scouts for uncle sam by john henry goldfrap
the scarlet banner by felix dahn
the justice and necessity of taxing the american colonies
a supplication for the beggars by simon fish
the wouldbegoods by e. nesbit
the medley by anonymous
stories pictures tell by flora carpenter
food in war time by graham lusk
the memoirs of the conquistador bernal diaz del castillo
the memoirs of the conquistador bernal diaz del castillo
the twelve months of the year by unknown
the future of english poetry by edmund gosse
tales from the german. volume i by carl franz van der velde
the intelligence of woman by w. l. george
the sky pilot by ralph connor
the introduction of self-registering meteorological
sketches of church history by james craigie robertson
just so stories by rudyard kipling
stories pictures tell by flora carpenter
hernando cortez by john s. c. abbott
endless amusement by unknown
notes and queries number 80 may 10 1851 by various
helen grant's schooldays by amanda m. douglas
phantastes by george macdonald
how to tell a story and others by mark twain
the golden age by kenneth grahame
notes and queries number 228 march 11 1854 by various
the blind lion of the congo by elliott whitney
the man that corrupted hadleyburg and other stories by mark twain
the life of william ewart gladstone (vol 2 of 3) by john morley
margaret fuller (marchesa ossoli) by julia ward howe
historia amoris: a history of love ancient and modern by edgar saltus
the third little pet book with the tale of mop and frisk
the maner of the tryumphe of caleys and bulleyn and the
a marriage at sea by w. clark russell
black forest village stories by berthold auerbach
the adventures of a cat by alfred elwes
the complete pg works of oliver wendell holmes sr.
hildegarde's harvest by laura e. richards
keep-well stories for little folks by may farinholt-jones
mrs. turner's cautionary stories by elizabeth turner
a fourth form friendship by angela brazil
the curlytops at uncle frank's ranch by howard r. garis
the lusiad by lu?de cam?
the crime of the century by henry m. hunt
neighbors by jacob a. riis
the newsboy partners by frank v. webster
the tower of dago by m??
eight days in new orleans in february 1847 by albert james pickett
my first summer in the sierra by john muir
the white chief of the caffres by a.w. drayson
the haunters of the silences by charles g. d. roberts
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 95 september 1865 by various
essays in radical empiricism by william james
rambling recollections of chelsea by j. b. ellenor
the club at crow's corner by james otis
dorothy's tour by evelyn raymond
an humble address and earnest appeal to those respectable
sporting scenes amongst the kaffirs of south africa alfred w. drayson
adventures of hans sterk by a.w. drayson
books and bookmen by ian maclaren
gerald fitzgerald by charles james lever
the bramleighs of bishop's folly by charles james lever
aletta by bertram mitford
the triumph of hilary blachland by bertram mitford
forging the blades by bertram mitford
a frontier mystery by bertram mitford
the luck of gerard ridgeley by bertram mitford
new thought pastels by ella wheeler wilcox
hans andersen's fairy tales by hans christian andersen
hans andersen's fairy tales by hans christian andersen
history of the colony and ancient dominion of virginia
a novelist on novels by w. l. george
dorothy page by eldridge b. hatcher
a laodicean a story of today by thomas hardy
little aliens by myra kelly
a problem in modern ethics by john addington symonds
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 353
countess kate by charlotte m. yonge
elizabethan england by william harrison
a woman's wartime journal by dolly sumner lunt
the revolt of the angels by anatole france
earth and sky every child should know by julia ellen rogers
steep trails by john muir
philip the second king of spain by william h. prescott
legends of ma-ui--a demi god of polynesia and
what every singer should know by millie ryan
reminiscences 1819-1899 by julia ward howe
the story of the raising and organization of a regiment of
history of beasts by unknown
dorothy on a house boat by evelyn raymond
the children of the poor by jacob a. riis
news from nowhere by william morris
the falling flag by edward m. boykin
the diary of a resurrectionist 1811-1812 by james blake bailey
the galaxy april 1877 by various
the galaxy may 1877 by various
the pilgrims of hope and chants for socialists by william morris
st. nicholas magazine for boys and girls
thomas carlyle by hector carsewell macpherson
the child's book of american biography by mary stoyell stimpson
the spy by j. fenimore cooper
allan ramsay by william henry oliphant smeaton
essays on the materialistic conception of history by antonio labriola
the minute boys of york town by james otis
the middle years by henry james
some personal reminiscences of service in the cavalry
letter from monsieur de cros... being an answer to
an answer to a scurrilous pamplet [1693] by anonymous
miss billy by eleanor h. porter
great masters in painting: rembrandt van rijn by malcolm bell
black diamonds by m??
the story of john wesley by marianne kirlew
old love stories retold by richard le gallienne
st. paul's epistle to the romans vol. i by charles gore
st. paul's epistle to the romans vol. ii by charles gore
the strife of the roses and days of the tudors in the west
commodore barney's young spies by james otis
the mysteries of udolpho by ann radcliffe
the use of a box of colours by harry willson
punch or the london charivari volume 93 july 16 1887 by various
the autobiography of mark rutherford
the great events by famous historians volume 14 by various
a day's ride by charles james lever
that boy of norcott's by charles james lever
women of medi?l france by pierce butler
makers of canada: index and dictionary of canadian history by various
the princess aline by richard harding davis
the jerusalem sinner saved; or good news for the vilest men
kant's theory of knowledge by harold arthur prichard
the romance of the reaper by herbert newton casson
the making of a country parish by harlow spencer mills
anne by constance fenimore woolson
the golden age in transylvania by m??
the complete works of artemus ward part 1
women of the romance countries by john r. effinger
souvenir book of the great chelsea fire april 12 1908 by anonymous
a history of the third french republic by c. h. c. wright
the complete works of artemus ward part 2
what we saw in egypt by anonymous
the history of virginia in four parts by robert beverley
jewish theology by kaufmann kohler
the minute boys of boston by james otis
work for women by george j. manson
women of modern france by hugo paul thieme
the english in the west indies by james anthony froude
the complete works of artemus ward part 3
the heart of a woman by emmuska baroness orczy
sube cane by edward bellamy partridge
the journal of lieut. john l. hardenbergh of the second
bible story by rev. newton marshall hall and rev. irving francis wood
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 58 no. 359
the complete works of artemus ward part 4
the auto boys' mystery by james a. braden
the silver cross or the carpenter of nazareth by eug? sue
the revival of irish literature by charles gavan duffy
travels in tartary thibet and china by evariste regis huc
the challenge of the country by george walter fiske
the complete works of artemus ward part 5
to lhassa at last by powell millington
croquet by anonymous
peasant tales of russia by v.i. nemirovitch-dantchenko
tried for her life by emma dorothy eliza nevitte southworth
the complete works of artemus ward part 6
michelangelo by romain rolland
some specimens of the poetry of the ancient welsh bards by evan evans
the last generation by james elroy flecker
the complete works of artemus ward part 7
here and there in london by j. ewing ritchie
rewards and fairies by rudyard kipling
about london by j. ewing ritchie
the night side of london by j. ewing ritchie
women of the teutonic nations by hermann schoenfeld
above the battle by romain rolland
blackboard drawing by frederick whitney
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 7 by various
legends of florence by charles godfrey leland
durer by m. f. sweetser
more conjuring by hercat
three thousand dollars by anna katharine green
a heap o' livin' by edgar a. guest
cap'n warren's wards by joseph c. lincoln
the romance of natural history second series by philip henry gosse
letters from a father to his son entering college
punch or the london charivari volume 93 july 23 1887 by various
christopher crayon's recollections by j. ewing ritchie
freehold land societies by j. ewing ritchie
the west indies and the spanish main [1899] by james rodway
cy whittaker's place by j. c. lincoln
holiday house by catherine sinclair
history of cuba; or notes of a traveller in the tropics
the wives of henry the eighth and the parts they played
theory and practice applied to the cultivation of the
the brown fairy book by various
the picturesque antiquities of spain by nathaniel armstrong wells
narrative of a journey to the summit of mont blanc
the goddess of atvatabar by william r. bradshaw
a concise history and directory of the city of norwich
the state of the blessed dead by henry alford
geraldine farrar by geraldine farrar
the canadian curler's manual by james bicket
punch or the london charivari volume 93. july 30 1887 by various
the discovery of the source of the nile by john hanning speke
one of them by charles james lever
the laird o' coul's ghost by anonymous
london impressions by alice meynell
the sun maid by evelyn raymond
the religious life of london by j. ewing ritchie
international short stories by various
international short stories by various
speeches and addresses of h. r. h. the prince of wales:
oscar wilde by edgar saltus
the deerslayer by james fenimore cooper
the cruise of the elena by j. ewing ritchie
selections from the speeches and writings of edmund burke
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume i by various
cottage economy by william cobbett
the man from glengarry a tale of the ottowa by ralph connor
with ring of shield by knox magee
ten years' captivity in the mahdi's camp 1882-1892 by f. r. wingate
my dark companions by henry m. stanley
reflections upon two pamphlets lately published by anonymous
blind policy by george manville fenn
lady cassandra by mrs george de horne vaizey
fresh light from the ancient monuments by archibald henry sayce
ideas of good and evil by william butler yeats
the battleship boys' first step upward by frank gee patchin
trilbyana by joseph benson gilder and jeannette leonard gilder
paris by william walton
the valley of fear by sir arthur conan doyle
women of america by john rouse larus
the white shield by bertram mitford
in the whirl of the rising by bertram mitford
a veldt vendetta by bertram mitford
'tween snow and fire by bertram mitford
young wallingford by george randolph chester
the handbook of conundrums by edith b. ordway
island nights' entertainments by robert louis stevenson
valerius terminus: of the interpretation of nature by francis bacon
villa eden by berthold auerbach
the ruined cities of zululand by hugh mulleneux walmsley
zero the slaver by lawrence fletcher
with wolseley to kumasi by f.s. brereton
the white hand and the black by bertram mitford
into the unknown by lawrence fletcher
through south africa by henry m. stanley
tales of south africa by h.a. bryden
sir hilton's sin by george manville fenn
a secret of the lebombo by bertram mitford
the sapphire cross by george manville fenn
with rifle and bayonet by f.s. brereton
renshaw fanning's quest by bertram mitford
the clever woman of the family by charlotte yonge
a question of marriage by mrs. george de horne vaizey
old hendrik's tales by arthur owen vaughan
a veldt official by bertram mitford
the new mistress by george manville fenn
the king's assegai by bertram mitford
john ames native commissioner by bertram mitford
the induna's wife by bertram mitford
haviland's chum by bertram mitford
thereby hangs a tale by george manville fenn
chronicle of the conquest of granada by washington irving
a gallant grenadier by f.s. brereton
harley greenoak's charge by bertram mitford
seven frozen sailors by george manville fenn
the daughters of a genius by mrs. george de horne vaizey
the young colonists by g.a. henty
what a man wills by mrs. george de horne vaizey
an unknown lover by mrs. george de horne vaizey
women in all ages and in all countries v 1-10 by various
first annual report of the bureau of ethnology to the
the sacred fount by henry james
the sea-hawk by raphael sabatini
the red city by s. weir mitchell
harper's round table april 30 1895 by various
rubaiyat of doc sifers by james whitcomb riley
harper's new monthly magazine volume 4 no. 21. february 1852 various
on snake-poison: its action and its antidote by a. mueller
the american country girl by martha foote crow
the poems of emma lazarus vol. 1
camp and trail by stewart edward white
the bull-run rout by edward henry clement
the black arrow by robert louis stevenson
the children of westminster abbey by rose g. kingsley
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. 9 by various
harper's round table may 7 1895 by various
edge hill by edwin walford
the confessions of saint augustine by saint augustine
the competitive nephew by montague glass
harper's round table may 14 1895 by various
mothering on perilous by lucy s. furman
revolution and counter-revolution by karl marx
a sketch-book of r. caldecott's by randolph caldecott
expositor's bible: the epistle to the hebrews
trees and shrubs for english gardens by ernest thomas cook
harper's round table may 21 1895 by various
the eagle's nest by s. e. cartwright
round the world in eighty days by jules verne
the elements of blowpipe analysis by frederick hutton getman
harper's round table may 28 1895 by various
from sea to sea by rudyard kipling
confessions of an opera singer by kathleen howard
trevethlan: volume 1 by william davy watson
student's hand-book of mushrooms of america edible and
harper's new monthly magazine volume 4 no. 22. march 1852 by various
an essay on the trial by jury by lysander spooner
a modern wizard by rodrigues ottolengui
thomas stanley: his original lyrics complete in their
the student's life of washington; condensed from the
ewing's lady by harry leon wilson
a day with lord byron by may clarissa gillington
how shakspere came to write the tempest
the youngest girl in the school by evelyn sharp
a daughter of the union by lucy foster madison
our caughnawagas in egypt by louis jackson
the style book of the detroit news by the detroit news
harper's round table june 4 1895 by various
the scarlet letter by nathaniel hawthorne
where there's a will by mary roberts rinehart
an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations
the greater republic by charles morris
my diary in serbia: april 1 1915-nov. 1 1915 by monica m. stanley
the red rat's daughter by guy boothby
an outline of russian literature by maurice baring
the home university library catalogue 1914/15
edelweiss by berthold auerbach
landolin by berthold auerbach
the atlantic monthly volume 16 no. 98 december 1865 by various
the naturewoman by upton sinclair
harper's round table june 11 1895 by various
thomas jefferson by henry childs merwin
carnival by compton mackenzie
european fungus flora: agaricaceae by george massee
to the work! to the work! by dwight moody
the overcoming life by dwight moody
the green god by frederic arnold kummer
the second-story man by upton sinclair
english costume by dion clayton calthrop
the carlovingian coins by eug? sue
villani's chronicle by giovanni villani
an address delivered before the was-ah ho-de-no-son-ne
moody's stories by dwight lyman moody
harper's round table june 18 1895 by various
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
man and maid by edith nesbit
prince hagen by upton sinclair
chiquita an american novel by merrill tileston
premo cameras 1914 by canadian kodak company
the bright side of prison life by samuel a. swiggett
punch or the london charivari volume 93 august 20 1887
harper's round table june 25 1895 by various
due north or glimpses of scandinavia and russia by maturin m. ballou
the orphan by clarence e. mulford
the machine by upton sinclair
bye-ways by robert smythe hichens
windyridge by w. riley
the ranidae by unknown
harper's round table july 2 1895 by various
jap herron by emily grant hutchings
the origin of the world according to revelation and
ballads of peace in war by michael earls
momotaro by anonymous
camping & tramping with roosevelt by john burroughs
harper's round table july 9 1895 by various
her season in bath by emma marshall
gabriel tolliver by joel chandler harris
the towns of roman britain by james oliver bevan
at suvla bay by john hargrave
clover and blue grass by eliza calvert hall
a short history of french literature by george saintsbury
the blind man's eyes by william macharg and edwin balmer
the indian drum by william macharg and edwin balmer
the pagan tribes of borneo by charles hose and william mcdougall
harper's round table july 16 1895 by various
harper's round table july 23 1895 by various
the arm chair by unknown
applied psychology: driving power of thought by warren hilton
the treaty with china its provisions explained by mark twain
harper's round table july 30 1895 by various
my trip around the world by eleonora hunt
the bontoc igorot by albert ernest jenks
a letter from mr. cibber to mr. pope by colley cibber
sir jasper carew by charles james lever
jack hinton by charles james lever
practical angora goat raising by c. p. bailey
the admirable bashville by bernard shaw
the duchess of wrexe by hugh walpole
discoveries by william butler yeats
kalevala volume ii (of 2) by anonymous
manners and monuments of prehistoric peoples by the marquis
a volunteer with pike by robert ames bennet
harper's round table august 6 1895 by various
the path-way to knowledg by robert record
the cutting of an agate by william butler yeats
the spanish pioneers by charles f. lummis
years of plenty by ivor brown
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 354 april 1845 various
ancient and modern ships by george c. v. holmes
the truth about tristrem varick by edgar saltus
a forgotten empire: vijayanagar; a contribution to the history
helena brett's career by desmond coke
harper's round table august 13 1895 by various
junius unmasked by joel moody
souvenir of gay head by j. n. chamberlain
arabian wisdom by john wortabet
the californiacs by inez haynes irwin
corporal 'lige's recruit by james otis
the origin of the family private property and the state
shapes and shadows by madison j. cawein
the divorce of catherine of aragon by j.a. froude
the iron pincers by eug? sue
harper's round table august 20 1895 by various
harper's round table august 27 1895 by various
thirty by howard vincent o'brien
just around the corner by fannie hurst
the battle of gettysburg by frank aretas haskell
an impromptu ascent of mont blanc by w. h. le mesurier
a transient guest by edgar saltus
hunted down by harry granice
wild birds in city parks by herbert eugene walter
harper's round table september 3 1895 by various
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 slice 3 by various
a collection of gospel hymns in ojibway and english by anonymous
incidents of travel in yucatan vol. i. by john l. stephens
a bit of old china by charles warren stoddard
incidents of travel in yucatan vol. ii. by john l. stephens
the spirit of japan by sir rabindranath tagore
klytia by george taylor
harper's round table september 10 1895 by various
harper's round table september 17 1895 by various
descriptions of three new birds from the belgian congo
gen. cowdin and the first massachusetts regiment of volunteers
the city that was by will irwin
harper's round table september 24 1895 by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 57 no. 355 may 1845
stories about indians by rufus merrill
east angels by constance fenimore woolson
the oriental rug by william d. ellwanger
come out of the kitchen! by alice duer miller
careers of danger and daring by cleveland moffett
harper's round table october 1 1895 by various
my first book by various
the independent statesmen and liberal landlord by james parkerson
a poem to the memory of our late lamented queen caroline
the expositor's bible: the gospel of st. john vol. i by marcus dods
american world policies by walter e. weyl
the telephone by a. e. dolbear
medicina flagellata by anonymous
young's night thoughts by edward young
harper's round table october 8 1895 by various
how members of congress are bribed by joseph moore
harper's round table october 22 1895 by various
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
joseph in the snow and the clockmaker by berthold auerbach
coal by raphael meldola
landseer by estelle m. hurll
flora lyndsay by susanna moodie
famous singers of to-day and yesterday by henry c. lahee
harper's round table october 15 1895 by various
the itching palm by william r scott
one day & another by julius madison cawein
down town brooklyn by committee of ten citizens of brooklyn
a thief in the night by e. w. hornung
the book of this and that by robert lynd
the voice and spiritual education by hiram corson
narrative of the march of co. a engineers from fort leavenworth
the holy earth by l. h. bailey
personal recollections of the civil war by james madison stone
days with sir roger de coverley by joseph addison and richard steele
book of hymns for public and private devotion by various
harper's round table october 29 1895 by various
kodaks and kodak supplies 1914 by canadian kodak company
fragments of an autobiography by felix moscheles
by right of conquest by arthur hornblow
lessons on manners by edith e. wiggin
letters to dead authors by andrew lang
a book of epigrams by various
more mittens with the doll's wedding and other stories
john marsh's millions by charles klein and arthur hornblow
satan absolved by wilfred scawen blunt
the warfare of the soul by shirley c. hughson
was it right to forgive? by amelia edith huddleston barr
five minutes' stories by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
d?lein's hand-book of latin synonymes by ludwig d?lein
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 62 no. 383 september 1847
the burial of the guns by thomas nelson page
mohammed ali and his house by louise muhlbach
the women of tomorrow by william hard
the complete club book for women by caroline french benton
lives of the most eminent painters sculptors and architects
plashers mead by compton mackenzie
the perfume of eros: a fifth avenue incident by edgar saltus
the laughing cavalier by baroness orczy
the dual alliance by marjorie benton cooke
the frontier boys in the grand canyon by wyn roosevelt
an artilleryman's diary by jenkin lloyd jones
the fun of cooking by caroline french benton
the white queen of okoyong by w.p. livingstone
the white plumes of navarre by samuel rutherford crockett
diary and notes of horace templeton esq. by charles james lever
diary and notes of horace templeton esq. by charles james lever
a top-floor idyl by george van schaick
political economy by w. stanley jevons
east lynne by mrs. henry wood
first fam'lies of the sierras by joaquin miller
father brighthopes by john townsend trowbridge
the irish at the front by michael macdonagh
the illustrated self-instructor in phrenology and physiology
principles of geology by charles lyell
the memoirs of count carlo gozzi by count carlo gozzi
no moss by harry castlemon
a master hand by richard dallas
the ward of king canute by ottilie a. liljencrantz
history of the spanish conquest of yucatan and of the itzas
shadows of flames by amelie rives
a defence of the hessians by joseph george rosengarten
the history of the european fauna by r. f. scharff
the call of the world by w. e. doughty
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 slice 5 by various
a rebellious heroine by john kendrick bangs
mammy tittleback and her family by helen jackson
letters of a lunatic by george j. adler
an amateur fireman by james otis
maximina by armando palacio vald?
civic league cook book by anonymous
the spirit-filled life by john macneil
locrine by algernon charles swinburne
hempfield by david grayson
tuscan sculpture of the fifteenth century by estelle m. hurll
gala day luncheons by caroline benedict burrell
within prison walls by thomas mott osborne
under the mendips by emma marshall
the day of his youth by alice brown
the well-beloved by thomas hardy
custom and myth by andrew lang
bindle by herbert jenkins
the atlantic monthly volume 17 no. 99 january 1866 by various
the third class at miss kaye's by angela brazil
living up to billy by elizabeth cooper
woman's club work and programs by caroline french benton
maria edgeworth by helen zimmern
travels in tartary thibet and china by evariste regis huc
bulfinch's mythology: the age of fable by thomas bulfinch
the riddle of the night by thomas w. hanshew
lives of celebrated women by samuel griswold goodrich
the abbatial crosier by eug? sue
the black watch by scout joe cassells
man and superman by george bernard shaw
civil war experiences by henry coddington meyer
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 may 31 1890 by various
the boy pilot of the lakes by frank v. webster
her royal highness woman by max o'rell
from bull run to appomattox by luther w hopkins
hints on the use and handling of firearms generally
the expositor's bible: the gospel of st john vol. ii by marcus dods
the loves of ambrose by margaret vandercook
caesar and cleopatra by george bernard shaw
pitching in a pinch by christy mathewson
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 7 1890 by various
the great miss driver by anthony hope
on the heights by berthold auerbach
five young men by charles reynolds brown
spies of the kaiser by william le queux
the five giants by daniel p. kidder
robert louis stevenson by walter raleigh
the analects of confucius
mary by bjornstjerne bjornson
the sword of damocles by anna katharine green
russian life to-day by right rev. herbert bury
hair-breadth escapes by h. c. adams
lost man's lane by anna katharine green
the king of arcadia by francis lynde
through the postern gate by florence l. barclay
the diary of samuel pepys
on the principles of political economy and taxation by david ricardo
selections from viri romae by charles fran?s l'homond
faith and unfaith by duchess
british committees commissions and councils of trade and
h. r. by edwin lefevre
the book of buried treasure by ralph d. paine
zigzag journeys in europe by hezekiah butterworth
across the continent by the lincoln highway by effie price gladding
observations on the present state of the affairs
k. k. k. sketches humorous and didactic by james melville beard
the spoils of poynton by henry james
an example of communal currency by j. theodore harris
the statute of anne by anno octavo
the only woman in the town by sarah j. prichard
worrying won't win by montague glass
the welsh and their literature by george borrow
astronomical discovery by herbert hall turner
per amica silentia lunae by william butler yeats
drake's great armada by walter biggs
weighed and wanting by dwight moody
secret power by dwight l. moody
old new zealand: by 'a pakeha maori'
campmates by kirk munroe
narrative of mr. john dodge during his captivity at detroit
lafcadio hearn by nina h. kennard
how to tell the birds from the flowers and other wood-cuts
aubrey beardsley by robert ross
reveries over childhood and youth by william butler yeats
theodore roosevelt
the arts and crafts movement by thomas james cobden-sanderson
little oskaloo by thomas chalmers harbaugh
patricia brent spinster by herbert jenkins
the vagabond in literature by arthur rickett
reminiscences of the thirty-fourth regiment
the unveiling of lhasa by edmund candler
within an inch of his life by emile gaboriau
ozma of oz by l. frank baum
the will of samuel appleton by samuel appleton and
poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 14 1890 by various
mentone cairo and corfu by constance fenimore woolson
tales of the toys told by themselves by frances freeling broderip
hunting the grisly and other sketches by theodore roosevelt
soap-bubbles by c. v. boys
the peddler's boy by francis c. woodworth
a vindication of england's policy with regard to
sir humphrey gilbert's voyage to newfoundland by edward hayes
love's usuries by louis creswicke
the story of a red deer by j. w. fortescue
library of the world's best literature
the fortunes of philippa by angela brazil
the wandering jew book 1 by eugene sue
bosom friends by angela brazil
cordwood by edgar wilson (bill) nye
in and out by edgar franklin
avery by elizabeth stuart phelps
a romance in transit by francis lynde
episodes in van bibber's life by richard harding davis
the little schoolmaster mark by j. h. shorthouse
henry wadsworth longfellow by thomas wentworth higginson
nature's miracles volume 1 by elisha gray
bee and butterfly by lucy foster madison
the ranch girls at rainbow lodge by margaret vandercook
the wandering jew book 3 by eugene sue
a-birding on a bronco by florence a. merriam
the story of books by gertrude burford rawlings
pandora's box by frank wedekind
rambles in womanland by max o'rell
evacuation day 1783 by james riker
the wandering jew book 4 by eugene sue
the expositor's bible: the book of exodus by g. a. chadwick
the speech of monkeys by r. l. garner
a man in the open by roger pocock
instruction book on ring spinning by francis l. lincoln
the crimson sweater by ralph henry barbour
stevensoniana by various
the philosophy of the weather by thomas belden butler
the wandering jew book 5 by eugene sue
mosada by william butler yeats
the dangerous classes of new york by charles loring brace
mr. munchausen by john kendrick bangs
american tableaux no. 1 sketches of aboriginal life
the squirrels and other animals by george e. waring
the dramatic works of g. e. lessing by gotthold ephraim lessing
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 december 1864 by various
a reading book in irish history by p. w. joyce
the wandering jew book 6 by eugene sue
the man of taste by james bramston
cruise of the revenue-steamer corwin in alaska and the
naval warfare by james r. thursfield
lace curtain cleaning by mrs. albert leigh
the pencil of nature by william henry fox talbot
saint bonaventure by rev. fr. laurence costelloe o.f.m
the wandering jew book 7 by eugene sue
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 119 september 1867 by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol. i. no. 5 october 1850 by various
a traitor's wooing by headon hill
to cuba and back by richard henry dana
an address to a wealthy libertine by james parkerson
an elogy to the memory of the late wm. palgrave esq.
the captain of the gray-horse troop by hamlin garland
punch or the london charivari. volume 93. august 27 1887 by various
the wandering jew book 8 by eugene sue
roses and rose growing by rose georgina kingsley
the social gangster by arthur b. reeve
narrative of a second expedition to the shores of the polar sea
roland cashel by charles james lever
roland cashel by charles james lever
the wandering jew book 9 by eugene sue
the forge in the forest by charles g. d. roberts
with the world's great travellers volume 2 by various
memoranda on tours touraine and central france by j. h. holdsworth
the broken gate by emerson hough
the auto boys' vacation by james a. braden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 5 appendix by various
horse-shoe robinson by john pendleton kennedy
the wandering jew book 10 by eugene sue
under fire for servia by colonel james fiske
the guns of europe by joseph a. altsheler
the furnace by rose macaulay
the eruption of vesuvius in 1872 by luigi palmieri
valeria by william henry withrow
village life in china by arthur h. smith
songs of the silent world by elizabeth stuart phelps
barbarossa; an historical novel of the xii century
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 21 1890 by various
the wandering jew book 11 by eugene sue
the gambler by katherine cecil thurston
the christian use of the psalter by a. r. whitham
scenes and adventures in affghanistan by william taylor
stories that end well by octave thanet
frances waldeaux by rebecca harding davis
the wandering jew complete by eugene sue
ayala's angel by anthony trollope
my knitting book by miss lambert
the sweating sickness by john caius
opticks by isaac newton
the death-blow to spiritualism by reuben briggs davenport
letters to his son 1746-1747 by the earl of chesterfield
stories for helen by eliza leslie
tales of passed times by charles perrault
hard pressed by fred m. white
mechanico-physiological theory of organic evolution
misread passage of scriptures by j. baldwin brown
abandoned by jules verne
little frankie on a journey by madeline leslie
the nest the white pagoda the suicide a forsaken temple
letters to his son 1748 by the earl of chesterfield
wondrous love by dwight moody
little frankie at his plays by madeline leslie
little frankie and his cousin by madeline leslie
little frankie at school by madeline leslie
stories from tagore by rabindranath tagore
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 june 28 1890 by various
with edge tools by hobart chatfield-taylor
letters to his son 1749 by the earl of chesterfield
dorothy dale at glenwood school by margaret penrose
the subspecies of the mountain chickadee by joseph grinnell
camp fire girls behind the lines
the convict's farewell by james parkerson
the development of armor-piercing shells by carlos de zafra
a report of major hart's case of rice-frauds near
life on the stage by clara morris
a bed of roses by w. l. george
letters to his son 1750 by the earl of chesterfield
view of the state of europe during the middle ages
the new gulliver and other stories by barry pain
carrots: by mrs. molesworth
the missioner by e. phillips oppenheim
the grey fairy book by andrew lang
underground man by gabriel tarde
letters to his son 1751 by the earl of chesterfield
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 1 by various
in a belgian garden by frank oliver call
on strike till 3 by grant balfour
the fortunes of glencore by charles james lever
at the fall of port arthur by edward stratemeyer
letters to his son 1752 by the earl of chesterfield
john bull junior by max o'rell
the bachelors by william dana orcutt
history of the war between mexico and the united states with
letters to his son 1753-1754 by the earl of chesterfield
bill the minder by w. heath robinson
the green fairy book by various
the progressionists and angela. by conrad von bolanden
the comedies of carlo goldoni by carlo goldoni
ticknor and company book catalog (1887) by ticknor and company
last words by stephen crane
rhyme? and reason? by lewis carroll
l'arrabiata and other tales by paul heyse
women as world builders by floyd dell
reply of the philadelphia brigade association to the foolish
drugging a nation by samuel merwin
architecture by nancy r e meugens bell
letters to his son 1759-1765 by the earl of chesterfield
wait and hope by horatio alger
orchids by james o'brien
mary help of christians by various
our admirable betty by jeffery farnol
a rose of a hundred leaves by amelia edith huddleston barr
indian heroes and great chieftains by charles a. eastman
letters to his son 1766-1771 by the earl of chesterfield
punch or the london charivari. volume 93 september 10 1887
the master's violin by myrtle reed
the firebrand by s. r. crockett
tony butler by charles james lever
the girl aviators and the phantom airship by margaret burnham
the fairy school of castle frank by grant balfour
the mother of st. nicholas by grant balfour
bride roses by w. d. howells
marguerite de valois by alexandre dumas
pharos the egyptian by guy newell boothby
stories of london by e. l. hoskyn
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 2 by various
three young ranchmen by ralph bonehill
the way of the gods by john luther long
pioneering in cuba by james meade adams
the branding needle or the monastery of charolles by eug? sue
maori and settler by g. a. henty
the kentons by william dean howells
a flight in spring by j. harris knowles
battle of fort george by ernest cruikshank
the day of wrath by louis tracy
the inventions of the idiot by john kendrick bangs
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
my first campaign by j. w. grant
frederick hale by anonymous
the autobiography of a monkey by albert bigelow paine
fennel and rue by william dean howells
geological report on asbestos and its indications in the
the story of a strange career by anonymous
the great discovery by norman maclean
stand up ye dead by norman maclean
constitution of the state of north carolina and copy of
dr. breen's practice by william dean howells
in the day of adversity by john bloundelle-burton
the arena by various
alida by amelia stratton comfield
their wedding journey by william dean howells
new west indian spiders by nathan banks
the shadow of a man by e. w. hornung
dinners and luncheons by paul pierce
the ranch girls' pot of gold by margaret vandercook
cinderella jane by marjorie benton cooke
history of english poetry: an unpublished continuation
a hazard of new fortunes part 1 by william dean howells
the affecting case of the unfortunate thomas daniels
a republic without a president and other stories by herbert ward
norine's revenge; sir noel's heir by may agnes fleming
the preliminaries by cornelia a. p. comer
a captured santa claus by thomas nelson page
two prisoners by thomas nelson page
punch or the london charivari volume 93. august 6 1887
a hazard of new fortunes part 2 by william dean howells
maxims and reflexions by johann wolfgang von goethe
mary the help of christians by bonaventure hammer
the essential faith of the universal church by harriet martineau
the king of the golden river or the black brothers by john ruskin
sonnets from the patagonian by donald evans
general catholic devotions by bonaventure hammer
the sources of religious insight by josiah royce
reasonableness of catholic ceremonies and practices by john j. burke
seeds of michigan weeds by william james beal
a hazard of new fortunes part 3 by william dean howells
poems of the great war by various
old coloured books by george paston
magnhild dust by bj?tjerne bj?on
punch or the london charivari vol. 98 april 26 1890 by various
accolon of gaul by madison j. cawein
illustrative anecdotes of the animal kingdom
tales of the wonder club by m. y. halidom
oscar wilde: art and morality by stuart mason
a hazard of new fortunes part 4 by william dean howells
sandman time by ilsien nathalie gaylord
tales from blackwood volume 3 by various
x y z by anna katharine green
the alternative: a separate nationality or the
the children of the world by paul heyse
indian boyhood by charles a. eastman
a hazard of new fortunes part 5 by william dean howells
the modern woman's rights movement by kaethe schirmacher
fraternal charity by rev. father valuy
olof krarer the esquimaux lady by olof krarer
in paradise by paul heyse
in paradise by paul heyse
the future of road-making in america by archer butler hulbert
yiddish tales by various
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 august 1865
their silver wedding journey part 1 by william dean howells
the life of yakoob beg by demetrius boulger
the wreckers of sable island by j. macdonald oxley
manners and rules of good society by anonymous
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. september 17 1887
reminiscences of service with the twelfth rhode island
their silver wedding journey part 2 by william dean howells
donalblane of darien by j. macdonald oxley
'phiz' (hablot knight browne) a memoir. by fred. g. kitton
rambles in an old city by s. s. madders
creative intelligence by john dewey addison w. moore
their silver wedding journey part 3 by william dean howells
the span o' life by william mclennan and jean newton mcilwraith
sketches in verse by james parkerson
pamela censured by anonymous
the curtezan unmasked by annonymous (a spiritual physician)
cuba by arthur d. hall
the march family trilogy complete by william dean howells
ti-ti-pu by j. macdonald oxley
dialogues on the supersensual life by jacob behmen
the history and antiquities of the doric race vol. 1 of 2
an engagement of convenience by louis zangwill
the kitchen encyclopedia by anonymous
the landlord at lion's head vol. 1 by william dean howells
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 slice 4 by various
a treatise on etching by maxime lalanne
in paths of peril by j. macdonald oxley
terry's trials and triumphs by j. macdonald oxley
a short history of england ireland and scotland by mary platt parmele
the elements of botany by asa gray
derby day in the yukon by yukon bill
the key to yesterday by charles neville buck
the landlord at lion's head vol. 2 by william dean howells
fossil ice crystals by johan august udden
making money by owen johnson
the adventures of elizabeth in r? by elizabeth von arnim
the call of the town by john alexander hammerton
the church of england cleared from the charge of schism
history of phosphorus by eduard farber
criticism and fiction by william dean howells
impertinent poems by edmund vance cooke
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 2 july 1893 by various
a yankee from the west by opie read
little robins learning to fly by madeline leslie
tom brown at rugby by thomas hughes
the patriot by antonio fogazzaro
majesty by louis couperus
my literary passions by william dean howells
the haunted pajamas by francis perry elliott
a star for a night by elsie janis
readings from latin verse by curtis c. bushnell
rockhaven by charles munn
barbarossa and other tales by paul heyse
short stories and essays by william dean howells
poems of emile verhaeren by emile verhaeren
pictures of german life in the xvth xvith and xviith
pictures of german life in the xvth xvith and xviith
sinister street vol. 1 by compton mackenzie
sinister street vol. 2 by compton mackenzie
the blood of the arena by vicente blasco ib?z
old indian legends by zitkala-sa
staccato notes of a vanished summer by william dean howells
the mysteries of paris volume 1 of 6 by eug? sue
the mysteries of paris volume 2 of 6 by eug? sue
the mysteries of paris volume 3 of 6 by eug? sue
the mysteries of paris volume 4 of 6 by eug? sue
the mysteries of paris volume 5 of 6 by eug? sue
the camp fire girls across the seas by margaret vandercook
the standard household-effect company by william dean howells
on the magnet magnetick bodies also and on the great
the pearl of love by madeline leslie
rodman the keeper by constance fenimore woolson
the mystery of evelin delorme by albert bigelow paine
the wisdom of confucius by epiphanius wilson
the hollow tree and deep woods book by albert bigelow paine
pictures of german life in the xviiith and xixth centuries
pictures of german life in the xviiith and xixth centuries
american literary centers by william dean howells
an architect's note-book in spain by matthew digby wyatt
the gay adventure by richard bird
mr. punch's after-dinner stories by j. m. hammerton
abbreviations and signs by frederick w. hamilton
the nightrider's feud by walter c. mcconnell
spanish prisoners of war by william dean howells
fur farming by a. r. harding
a concise biographical sketch of william penn by charles evans
glories of spain by charles w. wood
journal of voyages by jacob dunham
the new conspiracy by r. c. dallas
architecture by thomas roger smith
some anomalies of the short story by william dean howells
the cocoanut by william s. lyon
the lightning conductor by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the tent dwellers by albert bigelow paine
last days in a dutch hotel by william dean howells
british butterflies by w. s. coleman
jessica trent: her life on a ranch by evelyn raymond
provocations by sibyl bristowe
the lost manuscript by gustav freytag
the adventurous simplicissimus being the description of
the old riddle and the newest answer by john gerard
editor's relations with the young contributor by william dean howells
the autobiography of thomas platter a schoolmaster of the
the mechanism of life by st?ane leduc
king of camargue by jean aicard
the casque's lark by eug? sue
the confessions of a summer colonist by william dean howells
dolly's college experiences by mabel cronise jones
wild bees wasps and ants by edward saunders
the wave by algernon blackwood
at the ghost hour by paul heyse
the romance of the canoness by paul heyse
the man of letters as a man of business by william dean howells
the land of lost toys by juliana horatia ewing
friend mac donald by max o'rell
alec lloyd cowpuncher by eleanor gates
the wish by hermann sudermann
fairy and folk tales of the irish peasantry
aesop dress'd by bernard mandeville
literature and life entire by william dean howells
on the kentucky frontier by james otis
bartholomew sastrow by bartholomew sastrow and albert d. vandam
regina or the sins of the fathers by hermann sudermann
the red mustang by william o. stoddard
the haunted sentry box of porto rico by lewis miller
optical projection by lewis wright and russell s. wright
old indian days by charles a. eastman
my mark twain by william dean howells
the little minister by j. m. barrie
1914 and other poems by rupert brooke
into the primitive by robert ames bennet
a briefe discription of new england and the severall townes
sages and heroes of the american revolution by l. carroll judson
the school by the sea by angela brazil
the jolliest term on record by angela brazil
beggars on horseback by f. tennyson jesse
the wonderful visit by herbert george wells
the dead lake and other tales by paul heyse
the science of being well by wallace delois wattles
mr. punch with the children by various
cambridge neighbors by william dean howells
the menace of prohibition by lulu wightman
cacao culture in the philippines by william s. lyon
true detective stories by cleveland moffett
special method in primary reading and oral work with stories
marion darche by f. marion crawford
dick hamilton's cadet days by howard r. garis
not quite eighteen by susan coolidge
the works of guy de maupassant vol. 6 by guy de maupassant
dixmude by charles le goffic
studies of lowell by william dean howells
the home life of poe by susan archer weiss
the life-work of flaubert by dmitry sergeyevich merezhkovsky
food habits of the thrushes of the united states by f. e. l. beal
clever hans by oskar pfungst
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 58 no. 362
sturdy and strong by g. a. henty
the white mr. longfellow by william dean howells
a voice on the wind by madison julius cawein
the methods of glass blowing and of working silica in the
beatrice boville and other stories by ouida
how to observe by harriet martineau
the unknown sea by clemence housman
a stiptick for a bleeding nation by unknown
the nerve of foley by frank h. spearman
the hollow tree snowed-in by albert bigelow paine
brother francis by eileen douglas
the ladies' knitting and netting book by miss watts
what you can do with your will power by russell h. conwell
remodeled farmhouses by mary h. northend
a hand-book of etiquette for ladies by anonymous
the cabinet minister by arthur pinero
a sister's love by w. heimburg
the reclaimers by margaret hill mccarter
literary boston by william dean howells
what a young husband ought to know by sylvanus stall
the history of company c seventh regiment o.v.i by theodore wilder
the valiants of virginia by hallie erminie rives
the man who rose again by joseph hocking
the international monthly volume 3 no. 4 july 1851 by various
the academy boys in camp by s. f. spear
the raid of the guerilla and other stories
witching hill by e. w. hornung
florida: an ideal cattle state by florida state
the mysterious wanderer vol. i by sophia reeve
candy-making revolutionized by mary elizabeth hall
suppers by paul pierce
miss million's maid by berta ruck
the aboriginal population of alameda and contra costa
miscellaneous aphorisms; the soul of man by oscar wilde
first visit to new england and others by william dean howells
in story-land by elizabeth harrison
godey's lady's book vol. xlii. may 1851 by various
the man from jericho by edwin carlile litsey
comic tragedies by louisa m. alcott
beautiful shells of new zealand by e. g. b. moss
to win the love he sought by e. phillips oppenheim
love works wonders by charlotte m. brame
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 4 appendix by various
autobiography of z. s. hastings by z. s. hastings
old farm fairies: by henry christopher mccook
where the path breaks by charles de cr?igny
the spy in black by j. storer clouston
the jonathan papers by elisabeth woodbridge morris
the bondman by hall caine
the soul of the indian by charles a. eastman
rachel ray by anthony trollope
challenge by louis untermeyer
dick's desertion by marjorie l. c. pickthall
left on the prairie by m. b. cox
yolanda of cyprus by cale young rice
curious punishments of bygone days by alice morse earle
rustic sounds by francis darwin
the postage stamp in war by fred. j. melville
stranded in arcady by francis lynde
the elevator by william dean howells
the history and antiquities of the doric race vol. 2 of 2
the development of rates of postage by a. d. smith
labor and freedom by eugene v. debs
the coast of bohemia by thomas nelson page
deep moat grange by s. r. crockett
the popes and science by james j. walsh
the parlor-car by william dean howells
small souls by louis couperus
an essay in aid of a grammar of assent by john henry newman
the bread line by albert bigelow paine
ruth fielding at lighthouse point by alice b. emerson
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 59 no. 368 june 1846
the cup of comus by madison j. cawein
races and immigration in america by john r. commons
parturition without pain or loss of consciousness by james townley
the register by william dean howells
turning and boring by franklin d. jones
raemaekers' cartoon history of the war volume 1 by louis raemaekers
the belov?traitor by frank l. packard
the hillman by e. phillips oppenheim
the story of malta by maturin m. ballou
under the southern cross by maturin m. ballou
forty years in the wilderness of pills and powders
april hopes by william dean howells
bee hunting by john ready lockard
a christmas child by mrs. molesworth
whispering wires by henry leverage
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 3 by various
the settlement of illinois 1778-1830 by arthur clinton boggess
ragged lady part 1 by william dean howells
konrad wallenrod by adam mickiewicz
history of the intellectual development of europe volume ii (of 2)
the palace of pleasure by william painter
charles di tocca by cale young rice
when 'bear cat' went dry by charles neville buck
the crime of the boulevard by jules claretie
ragged lady part 2 by william dean howells
prisoners of poverty by helen campbell
fifty years a hunter and trapper by eldred nathaniel woodcock
the sentimental adventures of jimmy bulstrode by marie van vorst
catholic churchmen in science by james j. walsh
a brief sketch of the work of matthew fontaine maury
the spell of egypt by robert hichens
the american nations volume i by constantine samuel rafinesque
the evolution of an empire by mary parmele
the evolution of an empire by mary parmele
the new gresham encyclopedia. vol. 1 part 2 by various
fox trapping by arthur robert harding
on germinal selection as a source of definite variation
the shame of motley by raphael sabatini
historical geography of the british colonies
myths & legends of the celtic race by thomas william rolleston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 4 by various
stories of the olden time by various
shelley and the marriage question by john todhunter
the ifs of history by joseph edgar chamberlin
a poached peerage by william magnay
the celestial omnibus and other stories by e. m. forster
barchester towers by anthony trollope
dress as a fine art by mary philadelphia merrifield
mink trapping by arthur robert harding
the ship dwellers by albert bigelow paine
household organization by florence caddy
science of trapping by elmer harry kreps
myths and legends of the sioux by marie l. mclaughlin
the american spirit in literature: a chronicle of great interpreters
a bilateral division of the parietal bone in a chimpanzee;
a divided heart and other stories by paul heyse
four phases of love by paul heyse
idonia: a romance of old london by arthur f. wallis
little women letters from the house of alcott
the curry cook's assistant by daniel santiagoe
the sacred egoism of sinn fein by gnathai gan iarraidh
sister dolorosa and posthumous fame by james lane allen
the stokesley secret by charlotte m. yonge
deadfalls and snares by arthur robert harding
politics of alabama by joseph columbus manning
in jail with charles dickens by alfred trumble
an almanac of twelve sports by rudyard kipling
our battalion by leonard raven-hill
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 5 by various
the golden chersonese and the way thither by isabella l. bird
farthest north by fridtjof nansen
calavar by robert montgomery bird
familiar letters of john adams and his wife abigail adams
the panama canal by j. saxon mills
the sarva-darsana-samgraha by madhava acharya
sir james young simpson and chloroform (1811-1870)
the blazed trail by stewart edward white
the princess galva by david whitelaw
butterflies and moths by william s. furneaux
the great mogul by louis tracy
a book-lover's holidays in the open by theodore roosevelt
pip by ian hay
lady maude's mania by george manville fenn
real gold by george manville fenn
the south pole vol. 1 by roald amundsen
a double knot by george manville fenn
the parson o' dumford by george manville fenn
by birth a lady by george manville fenn
a little world by george manville fenn
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
the south pole vol. 2 by roald amundsen
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland by various
the undying past by hermann sudermann
the compleat surgeon or the whole art of surgery explain'd
a hunting alphabet by grace clarke newton
lives of eminent zoologists from aristotle to linn?
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 2 slice 6 by various
the roman poets of the augustan age: virgil by w. y. sellar
a blot on the scutcheon by may wynne
birds illustrated by color photography [january 1898] by various
capricious caroline by e. maria albanesi
lady's captivity among chinese pirates in the chinese seas
zula by h. esselstyn lindley
the fortunes of oliver horn by f. hopkinson smith
heathen mythology by various
toppleton's client by john kendrick bangs
the formation of christendom volume vii by thomas w. allies
canadian wilds by martin hunter
domestic animals by richard l. allen
proverb lore by f. edward hulme
the idyl of twin fires by walter prichard eaton
a cursory history of swearing by julian sharman
captain brassbound's conversion by george bernard shaw
the exploits and triumphs in europe of paul morphy the
irene iddesleigh by amanda mckittrick ros
magda by hermann sudermann
the copeland method by vanness copeland
a new banking system by lysander spooner
with our fighting men by william e. sellers
food poisoning by edwin oakes jordan
rebecca mary by annie hamilton donnell
h.m.s. ---- by klaxon
john knox by wm. m. taylor
the glaciers of the alps by john tyndall
the true benjamin franklin by sydney george fisher
higgins by norman duncan
notes and queries number 229 march 18 1854 by various
porzia by cale young rice
the bristol royal mail by r. c. tombs
the will to doubt by alfred h. lloyd
peeps into china by e. c. phillips
a vindication of rights of woman by mary wollstonecraft
story lessons of character building (morals) and manners by lo?bates
an amicable controversy with a jewish rabbi
the girl from tim's place by charles clark munn
history of the reign of philip the second king of spain
some little people by george kringle
the thousand and one nights vol. i. by anonymous
the joy of living (es lebe das leben) by hermann sudermann
bramble-bees and others by j. henri fabre
cathedral cities of england by george gilbert
a treatise on physiology and hygiene by joseph chrisman hutchison
francis beaumont: dramatist by charles mills gayley
shadowings by lafcadio hearn
notes of a staff officer of our first new jersey brigade on
life and public services of james a. garfield by emma elizabeth brown
hildegarde's home by laura e. richards
the enchanted castle by e. nesbit
the life of the fly by j. henri fabre
two royal foes by eva madden
electricity and magnetism by elisha gray
library of the world's best literature
her letter his answer & her last letter by bret harte
steel traps by arthur robert harding
the strolling saint by raphael sabatini
sweethearts at home by s. r. crockett
from kingdom to colony by mary devereux
a lonely flute by odell shepard
spun-yarn and spindrift by norah m. holland
golden numbers by various
rural rides by william cobbett
for the term of his natural life by marcus clarke
nevermore by rolf boldrewood
chattanooga or lookout mountain and missionary ridge
the star-gazers by george manville fenn
the khedive's country by george manville fenn
of high descent by george manville fenn
caught in a trap by john c. hutcheson
the man with a shadow by george manville fenn
samantha at saratoga by josiah allen's wife
victor ollnee's discipline by hamlin garland
english as we speak it in ireland by p. w. joyce
vanitas by vernon lee
contemporary american history 1877-1913 by charles a. beard
a chariot of fire by elizabeth stuart phelps
comrades by elizabeth stuart phelps
the supply at saint agatha's by elizabeth stuart phelps
means and ends of education by j. l. spalding
acres of diamonds by russell h. conwell
hunting dogs by oliver hartley
on books and the housing of them by william ewart gladstone
octavia by j. f. lee
the graysons by edward eggleston
the morality of woman and other essays by ellen key
spinning tops by john perry
rookie rhymes by the men of the 1st. and 2nd.
kilo by ellis parker butler
barbara ladd by charles g. d. roberts
is polite society polite? by julia ward howe
gleanings in graveyards by horatio edward norfolk
a mysterious disappearance by gordon holmes
the secrets of potsdam by william le queux
handbook of medical entomology
the two vanrevels by booth tarkington
the sheriff of badger by george b. pattullo
jupiter lights by constance fenimore woolson
history of modern philosophy by alfred william benn
the wood fire in no. 3 by f. hopkinson smith
birds illustrated by color photography [february 1898] by various
ross grant tenderfoot by john garland
angela's business by henry sydnor harrison
the poetical works of sir edward bulwer lytton bart. m.p.
homo-culture by martin luther holbrook
fables by robert louis stevenson
the suitors of yvonne by raphael sabatini
leonardo da vinci by sigmund freud
the operatic problem by william johnson galloway
the complete story of the galveston horror by various
luxury-gluttony by eug? sue
fighting in cuban waters by edward stratemeyer
avarice-anger: by eug? sue
the gadfly by e. l. voynich
literature in the making by various
anglo-saxon primer by henry sweet
paul verlaine by stefan zweig
minor poems by rossiter johnson
captain ted by louis pendleton
the numerical strength of the confederate army by randolph h. mckim
the william henry letters by abby morton diaz
monsieur cherami by charles paul de kock
the japanese spirit by yoshisaburo okakura
the betrothal by maurice maeterlinck
the boy spy by joseph kerby
pride by eug? sue
dave porter in the south seas by edward stratemeyer
the drama of glass by kate field
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 1 of 16 by unknown
a manual of elementary geology by charles lyell
marching on niagara by edward stratemeyer
fires of st. john by hermann sudermann
honor: a play in four acts by hermann sudermann
iolanthe's wedding by hermann sudermann
morituri: three one-act plays by hermann sudermann
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 2 of 16 by unknown
roses: four one-act plays by hermann sudermann
the song of songs by hermann sudermann
joseph smith as scientist by john a. widtsoe
held for orders by frank h. spearman
the last cruise of the spitfire by edward stratemeyer
sex-linked inheritance in drosophila by thomas hunt morgan
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 3 of 16 by unknown
ephemera critica by john churton collins
fra angelico by jennie ellis keysor
the priestly vocation by bishop bernard ward
hocus pocus junior: the anatomie of legerdemain by unknown
our domestic birds by john h. robinson
the preaching tours and missionary labours of george m?r
the theory and policy of labour protection
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 4 of 16 by unknown
great musical composers by george t. ferris
john the baptist: a play by hermann sudermann
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by various
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 5 of 16 by unknown
the iron trevet or jocelyn the champion by eug? sue
cape cod by henry d. thoreau
correspondence between the late commodore stephen decatur
the boy scouts of bob's hill by charles pierce burton
a cry in the wilderness by mary e. waller
a short history of germany by mary platt parmele
mrs. fitz by j. c. snaith
the westerners by stewart edward white
the merry men and other tales and fables by robert louis stevenson
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 6 of 16 by unknown
napoleon's marshals by r. p. dunn-pattison
the pace that kills by edgar saltus
phases of an inferior planet by ellen glasgow
the beautiful miss brooke by louis zangwill
the silent mill by hermann sudermann
library of the world's best literature ancient and modern
the three heron's feathers by hermann sudermann
the love letters of mary wollstonecraft to gilbert imlay
for the allinson honor by harold bindloss
the river's children by ruth mcenery stuart
walt whitman by robert g. ingersoll
the ancient law by ellen glasgow
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 8 of 16 by unknown
jack and the check book by john kendrick bangs
johnstone of the border by harold bindloss
the enchanted barn by grace livingston hill
dr. lavendar's people by margaret deland
alas! by rhoda broughton
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 9 of 16 by unknown
hints to husbands by george morant
methods of destroying rats by david lantz
the troubles of biddy by isabel byrum
norfolk annals by charles mackie
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 10 of 16 by unknown
the camp fire girls at the seashore by jane l. stewart
cottontail rabbits in relation to trees and farm crops by d. lantz
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 11 of 16 by unknown
the iron arrow head or the buckler maiden by eug? sue
more celtic fairy tales by various
the secret trails by charles g. d. roberts
the phase rule and its applications by alexander findlay
the twilight of the souls by louis couperus
the romance of war inventions by thomas w. corbin
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 12 of 16 by unknown
the court jester by cornelia baker
red hunters and the animal people by charles a. eastman
how to invest money by george garr henry
a little book of christmas by john kendrick bangs
christopher quarles by percy james brebner
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 13 of 16 by unknown
the blue jar story book by maria edgeworth
the government of england (vol. i) by a. lawrence lowell
joan of arc by lucy foster madison
materialized apparitions by edward augustus brackett
the admirable lady biddy fane by frank barrett
the history of painting in italy vol. 1 (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 14 of 16 by unknown
campobello by kate gannett wells
the prime minister by william henry giles kingston
the rosery folk by george manville fenn
alone on an island by w. h. g. kingston
waihoura the maori girl by w. h. g. kingston
the circassian chief by w. h. g. kingston
among the red-skins by w. h. g. kingston
the perils and adventures of harry skipwith by w. h. g. kingston
the cruise of the frolic by w. h. g. kingston
antony waymouth by w. h. g. kingston
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 15 of 16 by unknown
sweet mace by george manville fenn
ralph clavering by w. h. g. kingston
the master of the ceremonies by george manville fenn
draw swords! by george manville fenn
stan lynn by george manville fenn
the boy with the u. s. survey by francis rolt-wheeler
evolution of expression volume 2--revised by charles wesley emerson
mark mason's victory by horatio alger
dracula by bram stoker
the book of the thousand nights and a night vol. 16 of 16 by unknown
the gold brick by ann s. stephens
wolf and coyote trapping by arthur robert harding
charles lyell and modern geology by thomas george bonney
the green book by m??
seven legends by gottfried keller
the harvard classics shelf of fiction - german
collector's handbook to keramics by william chaffers
better meals for less money by mary green
marie antoinette and her son by louise muhlbach
some constituents of the poison ivy plant: (rhus
the supposed autographa of john the scot by edward kennard rand
rosalind at red gate by meredith nicholson
a biographical dictionary of freethinkers of all ages and
the secret of the league by ernest bramah
shelley at oxford by thomas jefferson hogg
milton's england by lucia ames mead
the infidel vol. i. by robert montgomery bird
the royal road to health by c. a. tyrrell
the infidel vol. ii. by robert montgomery bird
the pilgrim's shell or fergan the quarryman by eug? sue
a synopsis of the american bats of the genus pipistrellus
britain for the british by robert blatchford
digby heathcote by w.h.g. kingston
strange stories of colonial days by various
cursed by a fortune by george manville fenn
john marchmont's legacy volume i (of 3) by mary e. braddon
the lilac fairy book by various
john marchmont's legacy volume ii (of 3) by mary e. braddon
john marchmont's legacy volume iii (of 3) by mary e. braddon
john marchmont's legacy volumes i-iii by mary e. braddon
furze the cruel by john trevena
dr. rumsey's patient by l. t. mead and dr. halifax
the african colony by john buchan
child life in prose by various
franz joseph haydn by thomas tapper
witch winnie by elizabeth w. champney
over the plum pudding by john kendrick bangs
happiness in purgatory by anonymous
defending the island by james otis
sober by act of parliament by fred a. mckenzie
reminiscences of service with the first volunteer regiment of
johann sebastian bach by thomas tapper
life everlasting by john fiske
ginseng and other medicinal plants by arthur robert harding
the pearl story book by various
the awakening of the soul by muhammad ibn 'abd al-malik ibn tufail
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 1 (of 3)
in love with the czarina and other stories by m??
by violence by john trevena
the life or legend of gaudama by right reverend paul ambroise bigandet
bees from british guiana by t. d. a. cockerell
science and health with key to the scriptures by mary baker eddy
the ego and his own by max stirner
mozart by thomas tapper
the german pioneers by friedrich spielhagen
the history of painting in italy vol. 2 (of 6)
a treatise on grain stacking by john delamater
mrs. halliburton's troubles by mrs. henry wood
?op's fables with modern instances by ?op
fugitive slaves by marion gleason mcdougall
mcallister and his double by arthur train
through night to light by friedrich spielhagen
what the swallow sang by friedrich spielhagen
the troll garden et al by willa cather
old fritz and the new era by louise muhlbach
the story of american history by albert f. blaisdell
gammer gurton's garland by joseph ritson
the practical garden-book by c. e. hunn and l. h. bailey
epidemics examined and explained: or living germs proved
what gunpowder plot was by samuel rawson gardiner
king of the castle by george manville fenn
essays on life art and science by samuel butler
how to appreciate music by gustav kobb?
geoffrey hampstead by thomas stinson jarvis
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 3 slice 6 by various
woman's work in english fiction by clara helen whitmore
the little girl who was taught by experience by anonymous
alaska by ella higginson
barren honour: a novel by george a. lawrence
the jews of barnow by karl emil franzos
the gateless barrier by lucas malet
i thou and the other one by amelia edith huddleston barr
the mysterious wanderer; vol. ii by sophia reeve
the boys' life of mark twain by albert bigelow paine
some experiences of an irish r.m.
selected sermons of jonathan edwards by jonathan edwards
a narrative of the death of captain james cook by david samwell
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 2 (of 3)
tish the chronicle of her escapades and excursions
the history of painting in italy vol. 3 (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
the story of norway by hjalmar h. boyesen
the right to ignore the state by herbert spencer
under two flags by ouida
a gentleman player by robert neilson stephens
folk stories from southern nigeria west africa by elphinstone dayrell
evolution by frank b. jevons
the breaking of the storm vol. i. by friedrich spielhagen
the breaking of the storm vol ii. by friedrich spielhagen
the breaking of the storm vol. iii. by friedrich spielhagen
the foreigner a tale of saskatchewan by ralph connor
petticoat rule by emmuska orczy baroness orczy
the pioneers by katharine susannah prichard
willing to die by joseph sheridan le fanu
commodore junk by george manville fenn
the mynns' mystery by george manville fenn
christmas penny readings by george manville fenn
original penny readings by george manville fenn
the vee-boers by mayne reid
the young yagers by mayne reid
lost pond by henry abbott
the life of cesare borgia by rafael sabatini
camping at cherry pond by henry abbott
camps and trails by henry abbott
the baron's sons by m??
adventures among the red indians by h. w. g. hyrst
mr. punch's country life by various
red eagle and the wars with the creek indians of alabama
footsteps of fate by louis couperus
jonathan and his continent by max o'rell and jack allyn
poems by the way by william morris
the messiah in moses and the prophets by eleazar lord
the frontier angel by edward s. ellis
intra muros by rebecca ruter springer
english pharisees and french crocodiles by max o'rell
vestigia by george fleming
vestigia by george fleming
speeches addresses and occasional sermons volume 3 (of 3)
the hand of ethelberta by thomas hardy
dorothy payne quakeress by ella kent barnard
essays upon some controverted questions by thomas h. huxley
grettir the strong by unknown
such is life by tom collins
steam engines by anonymous
british goblins by wirt sikes
russian fairy tales by r. nisbet bain
with god in the world by charles h. brent
the man with the double heart by muriel hine
one of my sons by anna katharine green
the life of roger langdon by roger langdon
a short history of english liberalism by walter lyon blease
through nature to god by john fiske
the lighter side of school life by ian hay
lola by owen davis
sketch of the life and labors of george whitefield
how to prosper in boll weevil territory by g. h. alford
the poems of emma lazarus vol. 2
charles darwin by grant allen
max carrados by ernest bramah
true christianity by johann arndt
beethoven by thomas tapper
the ivory gate a new edition by walter besant
wayside and woodland trees by edward step
the two twilights by henry a. beers
gamblers and gambling by henry ward beecher
the white man's foot by grant allen
comrade kropotkin by victor robinson
problematic characters by friedrich spielhagen
the girls of central high on track and field by gertrude w. morrison
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 8 by various
poems by rebekah smith
romantic spain by john augustus o'shea
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 2 by robert h. newell
mashi and other stories by rabindranath tagore
813 by maurice leblanc
henry viii and his court by louise muhlbach
dr. adriaan by louis couperus
fanny by fitz-greene halleck
quisisana by friedrich spielhagen
the story of the atlantic telegraph by henry martyn field
the outlook: uncle sam's place and prospects
child of the sea; and life among the mormons
told by the death's head by m??
the scientific basis of national progress by george gore
stained glass tours in france by charles hitchcock sherrill
paper-cutting machines by niel gray jr.
the boss of wind river by a. m. chisholm
the wayfarers by j. c. snaith
a lame dog's diary by s. macnaughtan
nooks and corners of cornwall by c. a. dawson scott
lachesis lapponica by carl von linn?
legends of vancouver by e. pauline johnson
splores of a halloween twenty years ago by alexander dick
perverted proverbs by harry graham
the song of songs by hermann sudermann
where duty called by victor st. clair
address to the first graduating class of rutgers female
englefield grange by h. b. paull
the golden triangle by maurice leblanc
william shakespeare as he lived. by henry curling
a runaway brig; by james otis
hesiod the homeric hymns and homerica by homer and hesiod
the hunchback by james sheridan knowles
vasco nu?de balboa by frederick albion ober
lectures on the origin and growth of religion as illustrated
betty's battles by s. l. m
what was the gunpowder plot? by john gerard
the swiss family robinson by jean rudolph wyss
the life of george borrow by herbert jenkins
the red miriok by anna m. barnes
my actor-husband by anonymous
notice of runic inscriptions discovered during recent
stained glass tours in england by charles hitchcock sherrill
the village notary by j?f e?s
voyages in search of the north-west passage by richard hakluyt
the scribleriad and the difference between verbal and
the century cook book by mary ronald
the value of money by benjamin m. anderson jr.
roger davis loyalist by frank baird
she buildeth her house by will comfort
memoirs of service afloat during the war between the states
sentimental education vol 1 by gustave flaubert
the sick-a-bed lady by eleanor hallowell abbott
little frankie and his mother by madeline leslie
a text-book of astronomy by george c. comstock
the pagan's cup by fergus hume
domestic french cookery 4th ed. by sulpice baru?
the life of napoleon bonaparte by william milligan sloane
o'flaherty v. c. by george bernard shaw
the palace of pleasure by william painter
greek sculpture by estelle m. hurll
the boys of '61 by charles carleton coffin
collection of nebraska pioneer reminiscences by nebraska
the evolution of fashion by florence mary gardiner
following the color line by ray stannard baker
the rival crusoes by agnes strickland
annajanska the bolshevik empress by george bernard shaw
moonshine & clover by laurence housman
the fairy-faith in celtic countries by w. y. evans wentz
handicraft for girls by idabelle mcglauflin
the abiding presence of the holy ghost in the soul by bede jarrett
my own story by emmeline pankhurst
harvard stories by waldron kintzing post
the ordeal of richard feverel by george meredith
the origin of finger-printing by william j. herschel
the inca of perusalem by george bernard shaw
the pursuit by frank mackenzie savile
the conquest of canada (vol. 2 of 2) by george warburton
conversation by andrew p. peabody
the boys of old monmouth by everett t. tomlinson
great mysteries and little plagues by john neal
the ports harbours watering-places and picturesque scenery
the ports harbours watering-places and picturesque scenery
hammer and anvil by friedrich spielhagen
the essentials of illustration by thomas george hill
augustus does his bit by george bernard shaw
studies in the poetry of italy by oscar kuhns
historic homes by mary h. northend
spain by wentworth webster
the blackwood group by sir george douglas
chats on old furniture by arthur hayden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 8 slice 9 by various
great catherine by george bernard shaw
barrington by charles james lever
barrington by charles james lever
tales of the trains by charles james lever
garden ornaments by mary h. northend
st. george for england by g. a. henty
australasian democracy by henry de r. walker
reminiscences incidents battles marches and camp life
fabre poet of science by c. v. legros
sketch of the first kentucky brigade by george b. hodge
castle hohenwald by adolph streckfuss
beautiful gardens in america by louise shelton
history of the second massachusetts regiment of infantry:
colonial homes and their furnishings by mary h. northend
the harvester by gene stratton porter
the admirable crichton by j. m. barrie
irish nationality by alice stopford green
on liberty by john stuart mill
works of martin luther by martin luther
the pobratim by p. jones
the jumblies and other nonsense verses by edward lear
the irish on the somme by michael macdonagh
ancient chinese account of the grand canyon or course of
the inner beauty by maurice maeterlinck
the yellow rose by m??
woman in science by john augustine zahm
abolition fanaticism in new york by frederick douglass
the chainbearer by j. fenimore cooper
the lonely house by adolph streckfuss
homespun tales by kate douglas wiggin
silver pitchers: and independence by louisa may alcott
a history of pendennis volume 1 by william makepeace thackeray
breaking with the past by francis aidan gasquet
parlous times by david dwight wells
the camp fire girls in after years by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls and their great adventure by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls at home again by margaret vandercook
the ranch girls in europe by margaret vandercook
thomas moore by stephen gwynn
the woman of mystery by maurice leblanc
mystery and confidence (vol. 1 of 3) by elizabeth pinchard
mystery and confidence (vols. 3 of 3) by elizabeth pinchard
'9000' by burford delannoy
the blood of rachel by cotton noe
tieck's essay on the boydell shakspere gallery by george henry danton
education: how old the new by james j. walsh
bluebeard by kate douglas wiggin
bygone church life in scotland by various
scamping tricks and odd knowledge by john newman
among the meadow people by clara dillingham pierson
brenda her school and her club by helen leah reed
the golden web by anthony partridge
the house of strange secrets by a. eric bayly
king spruce a novel by holman day
the king of ireland's son by padraic colum
rowing by rudolf chambers lehmann
quicksands by adolph streckfuss
fairy tales from all nations by anthony r. montalba
khaled a tale of arabia by f. marion crawford
the japanese twins by lucy fitch perkins
boon the mind of the race the wild asses of the devil
irish history and the irish question by goldwin smith
eidola by frederic manning
the descent of man and selection in relation to sex vol. i
mystery and confidence vol. 2 by elizabeth pinchard
pierre; or the ambiguities by herman melville
among the forest people by clara dillingham pierson
the simple cobler of aggawam in america by nathaniel ward
twentieth century socialism by edmond kelly
a guide for the study of animals by worrallo whitney
six women and the invasion by gabrielle yerta and marguerite yerta
the adventures of a freshman by jesse lynch williams
the blacksmith's hammer or the peasant code by eug? sue
the professor's mystery by wells hastings and brian hooker
an examination of the testimony of the four evangelists
jo's boys by louisa may alcott
canoeing in the wilderness by henry david thoreau
morning and evening prayers for all days of the week by john habermann
too rich by adolph streckfuss
the delafield affair by florence finch kelly
a narrative of the expedition of hernando de soto into
the count of nideck by ralph browning fiske
the time machine by h. g. wells
fanny herself by edna ferber
the mad lover by francis beaumont and john fletcher
friction lubrication and the lubricants in horology
among the pond people by clara dillingham pierson
the house in the mist by anna katharine green
abb?ubain and mosaics by prosper m?m?
vineta by e. werner
concerning belinda by eleanor hoyt brainerd
boys' and girls' biography of abraham lincoln by james h. shaw
a search for a secret (vol 1 of 3) by g. a. henty
chopin the story of the boy who made beautiful melodies
among the night people by clara dillingham pierson
wrinkles in electric lighting by vincent stephen
a letter to grover cleveland by lysander spooner
half-hours with the idiot by john kendrick bangs
indian stories retold from st. nicholas by various
garrick's pupil by auguston filon
the court houses of a century by kenneth w. mckay
mr. punch's railway book by many
the land of frozen suns by bertrand w. sinclair
success and how he won it by e. werner
wayside weeds by william hodgson ellis
lost farm camp by harry herbert knibbs
the actress' daughter by may agnes fleming
napoleon's young neighbor by helen leah reed
the carleton case by ellery h. clark
the hubble-shue by christian carstairs
notes of an itinerant policeman by josiah flynt
johann sebastian bach by johann forkel and charles terry
winter fun by william o. stoddard
the boys of the wireless by frank v. webster
the hazeley family by a. e. johnson
teddy and carrots by james otis
little robins' love one to another by madeline leslie
organizing and building up the sunday school by jesse lyman hurlbut
ruthless rhymes for heartless homes by col. d. streamer
a pasteboard crown by clara morris
dilemmas of pride (vol 2 of 3) by margracia loudon
dilemmas of pride (vol 3 of 3) by margracia loudon
familiar faces by harry graham
santal folk tales by a. campbell
two years on trek by louis eug? du moulin
the woodpeckers by fannie hardy eckstorm
guide to hotel housekeeping by mary e. palmer
the pocket bible or christian the printer by eug? sue
the sign of flame by e. werner
child's own book of great musicians: schubert by thomas tapper
the boy scouts on the range by lieut. howard payson
his unknown wife by louis tracy
a noble woman by ernest protheroe
ghetto tragedies by israel zangwill
a hero of ticonderoga by rowland e. robinson
the people's idea of god its effect on health
london in modern times by unknown
glimpses of king william iv. and queen adelaide by mary clitherow
vermont riflemen in the war for the union 1861 to 1865
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 9 slice 2 by various
the road to understanding by eleanor h. porter
the art of english poetry (1708) by edward bysshe
the century of columbus by james j. walsh
no surrender by e. werner
sonnets and songs by helen hay whitney
the color line by william benjamin smith
of human bondage by w. somerset maugham
over here by hector macquarrie
shakespeare's england by william winter
abington abbey by archibald marshall
cruise and captures of the alabama by albert m. goodrich
stories of the nibelungen for young people by various
shakespeare in the theatre by william poel
development of christian doctrine by john henry cardinal newman
the galaxy by various
comfort found in good old books by george hamlin fitch
saint michael by e. werner
lord tony's wife by baroness emmuska orczy
trenching at gallipoli by john gallishaw
readings in money and banking by chester arthur phillips
asbestos by robert h. jones
portrait and biography of parson brownlow the tennessee
ladies' book of etiquette and manual of politeness
dumas' paris by francis miltoun
frank merriwell's return to yale by burt l. standish
wagner by thomas tapper
the promise of air by algernon blackwood
the south-west by joseph holt ingraham
partners by e. werner
literature for children by orton lowe
manual for noncommissioned officers and privates of
the blind mother and the last confession by hall caine
the plowshare and the sword by ernest george henham
herman by e. werner
the martins of cro' martin vol. i (of ii) by charles james lever
the martins of cro' martin vol. ii (of ii) by charles james lever
paul gosslett's confessions in love law and
the solitary farm by fergus hume
a maid of the kentucky hills by edwin carlile litsey
here and hereafter by barry pain
the boys' and girls' library by various
algic researches comprising inquiries respecting the
a hero of the pen by e. werner
the betrothed by alessandro manzoni
the south-west by jonathon holt ingraham
child's own book of great musicians: handel by thomas tapper
an essay on criticism by john oldmixon
tales from spenser; chosen from the faerie queene by edmund spencer
gullible's travels etc. by ring w. lardner
the crooked stick by rolf boldrewood
danira by e. werner
the rhesus of euripedes by euripedes
the trojan women of euripedes by euripedes
the new irish constitution by various
the bacchae of euripides by euripedes
studies in the poetry of italy i. roman by frank justus miller
algic researches comprising inquiries respecting the
strive and thrive by anonymous
ben pepper by margaret sidney
the three sapphires by w. a. fraser
memoir of queen adelaide by dr. john doran
memorials of the sea by william scoresby
the character of the british empire by ramsay muir
a round dozen by susan coolidge
dream days by kenneth grahame
torrent of portyngale by unknown
some notes on the bibliography of the philippines
a season at harrogate by barbara hofland
the niagara river by archer butler hulbert
the fatal cord by mayne reid
gwen wynn by mayne reid
the bandolero by mayne reid
what not by rose macaulay
the torn bible by alice somerton
buttered side down by edna ferber
'clear the track' by elisabeth buerstenbinder
in the van; or the builders by john price-brown
brother against brother by oliver optic
the courier of the ozarks by byron a. dunn
on canada's frontier by julian ralph
socialism and the social movement in the 19th century
war by pierre loti
the cathedrals of southern france by francis miltoun
afloat in the forest by mayne reid
the guerilla chief by mayne reid
the french revolution by hilaire belloc
historic handbook of the northern tour by francis parkman
the oyster by a. peer
the setons by o. douglas
the nation behind prison bars by george l. herr
white slavery in the barbary states by charles sumner
sketches in canada and rambles among the red men
toronto of old by henry scadding
the atlantic monthly volume 11 no. 68 june 1863 by various
a selection from the poems of william morris by william morris
airy fairy lilian by margaret wolfe hamilton (aka duchess)
the alpine fay by elisabeth buerstenbinder
serbia: a sketch by helen leah reed
a letter to american workingmen by n. lenin
the streets of ascalon by robert w. chambers
the progress of ethnology by john russell bartlett
cathedral cities of england by w. w. collins
the grandchildren of the ghetto by israel zangwill
oldfield by nancy huston banks
the awakening of spring by frank wedekind
right off the bat by william f. kirk
the world and its people: book vii by anna b. badlam
that affair at elizabeth by burton e. stevenson
nan sherwood at lakeview hall by annie roe carr
a japanese boy by shigemi shiukichi
music and other poems by henry van dyke
under a charm vol. i (of iii) by e. werner
under a charm vol. ii. (of iii) by e. werner
under a charm vol. iii. (of iii) by e. werner
contagious abortion of cows by ward j. macneal
menotah by ernest g. henham
five weeks in a balloon by jules verne
a search for a secret (vol 2 of 3) by g. a. henty
a search for a secret (vol 3 of 3) by g. a. henty
handbook of the minneapolis institute of arts
the blue moon by laurence housman
habits that handicap by charles b. towns
harper's new monthly magazine by various
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 1 of 3)
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 2 of 3)
catalogue of books in english later than 1700 (vol 3 of 3)
30000 locked out. by james c. beeks
canterbury by canon danks
the childerbridge mystery by guy boothby
mattie:--a stray (vol 3 of 3) by frederick william robinson
the joyous story of toto by laura e. richards
fr?ein schmidt and mr. anstruther by elizabeth von arnim
riven bonds. vol. i. by e. werner
riven bonds. vol. ii. by e. werner
awd isaac the steeple chase and other poems by john castillo
two years in oregon by wallis nash
hospital sketches by robert swain peabody
letters written during a short residence in sweden norway
mattie:--a stray (vol 1 of 3) by frederick william robinson
mattie:--a stray (vol 2 of 3) by frederick william robinson
a wife's duty by amelia alderson opie
the maroon by mayne reid
sir brook fossbrooke volume i. by charles james lever
sir brook fossbrooke volume ii. by charles james lever
rambles and studies in greece by j. p. mahaffy
love-at-arms by rafael sabatini
louisiana by frances hodgson burnett
the genial idiot by john kendrick bangs
beaumont & fletcher's works (8 of 10) by francis beaumont
the last stroke by lawrence l. lynch
mr. punch's pocket ibsen - a collection of some of the
jasper lyle by harriet ward
the cape and the kaffirs by harriet ward
the eichhofs by moritz von reichenbach
a practical novelist by john davidson
childrens' story of the war volume 2 (of 10) by james edward parrott
dragons of the air by h. g. seeley
geology by james geikie
the thistle and the cedar of lebanon by habeeb risk allah
the long lane's turning by hallie erminie rives
a manual of the antiquity of man by j. p. maclean
sunshine sketches of a little town by stephen leacock
the spanish tragedy by thomas kyd
stories of great men by faye huntington
our artist in cuba by george w. carleton
life of heber c. kimball an apostle by orson f. whitney
folk-lore and legends: oriental by charles john tibbitts
the sherrods by george barr mccutcheon
the lady evelyn by max pemberton
miss theodora by helen leah reed
marriage by h. g. wells
a complete account of the settlement at port jackson by watkin tench
literature in the elementary school by porter lander macclintock
romance of a poor young man by pierrepont edwards and lester wallace
the international monthly volume 5 no. 4 april 1852 by various
the ravens and the angels by elizabeth rundle charles
a narrative of the expedition to botany bay by watkin tench
mysteries of the rosie cross by anonymous
fishing and shooting sketches by grover cleveland
the riverside bulletin march 1910 by anonymous
moral theology by john a. mchugh and charles j. callan
childrens' story of the war volume 3 (of 10) by james edward parrott
betty grier by joseph waugh
curious creatures by anonymous
a song of a single note by amelia edith huddleston barr
jimmie moore of bucktown by melvin earnest trotter
the enchanted castle by e. nesbit
joseph smith the prophet-teacher by b. h. roberts
a short history of italy by henry dwight sedgwick
ethel morton at sweetbrier lodge by mabell s. c. smith
tom clark and his wife by paschal beverly randolph
mad by george manville fenn
friends i have made by george manville fenn
the highlands of ethiopia by william cornwallis harris
frederick the great and his family by louise muhlbach
the vicar's people by george manville fenn
withered leaves. vol. i. (of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
withered leaves. vol. ii. (of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
withered leaves. vol. iii.(of iii) by rudolf von gottschall
the dreamers by john kendrick bangs
canadian eclipse party 1869 by commander e. d. ashe
a wonder book and tanglewood tales by nathaniel hawthorne
the romance of biography (vol 1 of 2) by anna jameson
the little missis by charlotte skinner
mrs. geoffrey by duchess
blanche: by ossip schubin
childrens' story of the war volume 4 (of 10) by james edward parrott
?ile verhaeren by stefan zweig
the master of the inn by robert herrick
the love-chase by james sheridan knowles
the philippine islands 1493-1898 by various
a woman's experience in the great war by louise mack
the revellers by louis tracy
the letters of anne gilchrist and walt whitman
asbe? by ossip schubin
christmas stories by edward berens
the story of a pioneer by anna howard shaw
article on the census in moscow by leo tolstoy
presidential candidates: by d. w. bartlett
friend island by francis stevens
poems & ballads (first series) by algernon charles swinburne
from bapaume to passchendaele 1917 by philip gibbs
the religion of geology and its connected sciences by edward hitchcock
beauty by alexander walker
jamaican song and story by walter jekyll
myra's well by george francis dawson
my unknown chum by charles bullard fairbanks
the little vanities of mrs. whittaker by john strange winter
jewish immigration to the united states from 1881 to 1910
the romance of biography (vol 2 of 2) by anna jameson
the super race: an american problem by scott nearing
lewis carroll in wonderland and at home by belle moses
a system of logic: ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
a system of logic: ratiocinative and inductive by john stuart mill
the two goats and the sick monkey by anonymous
the storm centre by charles egbert craddock
the amethyst box by anna katherine green
polaris of the snows by charles b. stilson
the raid of john brown at harper's ferry as i saw it
a charming fellow volume i (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
a charming fellow volume ii (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
a charming fellow volume iii (of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
a modern buccaneer by rolf boldrewood
the library magazine of select foreign literature by various
observations on mount vesuvius mount etna and other
above the snow line by clinton thomas dent
mr. claghorn's daughter by hilary trent
six prize hawaiian stories of the kilohana art league
the three devils: luther's milton's and goethe's by david masson
canada west 1914 by unknown
how he lied to her husband by george bernard shaw
a little book of profitable tales by eugene field
the dodd family abroad vol. i.(of ii) by charles james lever
the dodd family abroad vol. ii.(of ii) by charles james lever
lost lenore by charles beach
comrades by thomas dixon
herd record of the association of breeders of
the complete poetical works of oliver goldsmith
our cats and all about them by harrison weir
medea of euripedes by euripedes
gobolinks by ruth mcenery stuart and albert bigelow paine
'o thou my austria!' by ossip schubin
a flight with the swallows by emma marshall
tales by polish authors by various
more tales by polish authors by various
the strange story of harper's ferry by joseph barry
the eureka stockade by carboni raffaello
apollonius of tyana the philosopher-reformer of the
sharing her crime by may agnes fleming
the high heart by basil king
tales from blackwood by various
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 february 1865 by various
forty years of 'spy' by leslie ward
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
the tenants of malory by joseph sheridan le fanu
key to the science of theology by parley p. pratt
through mountains and canyons - the canadian rockies by william notman
euripedes and his age by gilbert murray
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 9 slice 8 by various
the shepherd's calendar by james hogg
songs of the prairie by robert j. c. stead
makers of modern medicine by james j. walsh
songs and ballads of the southern people by anonymous
the pharisee and the publican by john bunyan
the dusantes by frank r. stockton
cannibals all! by george fitzhugh
the go ahead boys on smugglers' island by ross kay
the black eagle mystery by geraldine bonner
the doctor's wife by m. e. braddon
the great gold rush by w. h. p. (william henry pope) jarvis
the road to paris by robert neilson stephens
famous men of science by sarah k. bolton
essays by abraham cowley
seaside studies in natural history by elizabeth cabot cary agassiz
boris lensky by ossip schubin
fine books by alfred w. pollard
the radicalism of shelley and its sources by daniel j. macdonald
settling day by nat gould
three sunsets and other poems by lewis carroll
the pharaoh and the priest by alexander glovatski
the parasite by arthur conan doyle
la mere bauche by anthony trollope
nuts and nutcrackers by charles james lever
the conditions of catholics under james i by john gerard
the basket woman by mary austin
the girl at central by geraldine bonner
miss maitland private secretary by geraldine bonner
cloud city cook-book by mrs. william h. nash
tales and trails of wakarusa by alexander miller harvey
the golden road by frank waller allen
memoirs of napoleon vol. 1 by louis antoine fauvelet
working women of japan by sidney lewis gulick
a daughter of the vine by gertrude franklin horn atherton
the ledge on bald face by charles g. d. roberts
the great apostasy by james e. talmage
arthur machen by vincent starrett
the three impostors by arthur machen
joscelyn cheshire by sara beaumont kennedy
memoirs of napoleon vol. 2 by louis antoine fauvelet
memories of a musical life by william mason
riding recollections 5th ed. by g. j. whyte-melville
only one love or who was the heir by charles garvice
contemporary belgian poetry by various
cora and the doctor by harriette newell baker
the haute noblesse by george manville fenn
the secret of the sands by harry collingwood
the charm of ireland by burton egbert stevenson
memoirs of napoleon vol. 3 by louis antoine fauvelet
countess erika's apprenticeship by ossip schubin
the haunted room by a. l. o. e
how to be happy though married by edward john hardy
feeding the mind by lewis carroll
the poems and verses of charles dickens by charles dickens
do the dead return? by anonymous
the squatter and the don by c. loyal
is the bible worth reading and other essays by lemuel k. washburn
memoirs of napoleon vol. 4 by louis antoine fauvelet
the great white army by max pemberton
erlach court by ossip schubin
house rats and mice by david e. lantz
my little boy by carl ewald
cabinet portrait gallery of british worthies by anonymous
sanders of the river by edgar wallace
a lowden sabbath morn by robert louis stevenson
doctor cupid by rhoda broughton
memoirs of napoleon vol. 5 by louis antoine fauvelet
professor huskins by lettie m. cummings
tales from blackwood by various
the anglican friar by a. novice
a voice of warning by parley p. pratt
kim by rudyard kipling
succession in the presidency of the church of jesus christ
outa karel's stories by sanni metelerkamp
the middle period 1817-1858 by john william burgess
the reconstruction of georgia by edwin c. woolley
memoirs of napoleon vol. 6 by louis antoine fauvelet
a rational theology by john a. widtsoe
the clergyman's hand-book of law by charles m. scanlan
laos folk-lore of farther india by katherine neville fleeson
the mormons and the theatre by john s. lindsay
history of the postage stamps of the united states
a course of lectures on the principles of domestic
memoirs of napoleon vol. 7 by louis antoine fauvelet
the casting away of mrs. lecks and mrs. aleshine by frank r. stockton
felix lanzberg's expiation by ossip schubin
socialism and democracy in europe by samuel p. orth
vermont by rowland e. robinson
seeing france with uncle john by anne warner
peculiarities of american cities by willard glazier
in the days of queen victoria by eva march tappan
caucasian legends by a. goulbat
the empty sleeve by henry h. meacham
the nation's peril by anonymous
memoirs of napoleon vol. 8 by louis antoine fauvelet
on the laws of japanese painting by henry p. bowie
personal recollections of chickamauga by james r. carnahan
the new guide to knitting & crochet by marie jane cooper
two years among the savages of new guinea by w. d. pitcairn
reminiscences of a canadian pioneer for the last fifty years
the headless horseman by mayne reid
story of my life volumes 1-3 by augustus j. c. hare
memoirs of napoleon vol. 9 by louis antoine fauvelet
the story of a genius by ossip schubin
the daughter pays by mrs. baillie reynolds
voltaire's romances by fran?s-marie arouet
schumann by thomas tapper
a treatise on the brewing of beer by e. hughes
tales from tennyson by molly k. bellew
the funny philosophers by george yellott
memoirs of napoleon vol. 10 by louis antoine fauvelet
the woodcraft girls in the city by lillian elizabeth roy
romantic scottish ballads: their epoch and authorship
the spell by william dana orcutt
masterman and son by w. j. dawson
memoirs of napoleon vol. 11 by louis antoine fauvelet
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 3 august 1893 by various
the great return by arthur machen
three philosophical poets by george santayana
plan for securing observations of the variable stars
palos of the dog star pack by j. u. giesy
the treasure of the tigris by a. f. mockler ferryman
home fires in france by dorothy canfield
the terror by arthur machen
fast as the wind by nat gould
the prophet of the great smoky mountains by charles egbert craddock
memoirs of napoleon vol. 12 by louis antoine fauvelet
osceola the seminole by mayne reid
a philosophical dictionary volume 1 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 2 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 3 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 4 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 5 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 6 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 7 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 8 (of 10)
a philosophical dictionary volume 9 (of 10)
memoirs of napoleon vol. 13 by louis antoine fauvelet
a philosophical dictionary volume 10 (of 10) by voltaire
a letter on shakspere's authorship of the two noble kinsmen
with the world's great travellers volume 3 by various
the sword of honor volumes 1 & 2 by eug? sue
the word hoosier by jacob piatt dunn;
leonora by maria edgeworth
schweigger on squint by c. schweigger
memoirs of napoleon vol. 14 by louis antoine fauvelet
three plays by granville-barker by harley granville-barker
uncanny tales by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
the bible in spain by george borrow
the taming of the jungle by dr. c. w. doyle
the cavaliers of virginia vol. 1 of 2 by william a. caruthers
hand-book of practical cookery for ladies
the canadian portrait gallery - volume 3 (of 4) by john charles dent
mayne reid by elizabeth reid
the lost mountain by mayne reid
memoirs of napoleon vol. 15 by louis antoine fauvelet
a treatise on the police of the metropolis by patrick colquhoun
rick dale a story of the northwest coast by kirk munroe
unlucky by caroline austin
voyages from montreal through the continent of north america
voyages from montreal through the continent of north america
memoirs of napoleon vol. 16 by louis antoine fauvelet
mysterious mr. sabin by e. phillips oppenheim
the slavery question by john m. landrum
two addresses by nicholas rigby
titan: a romance v. 1 (of 2) by jean paul friedrich richter
punch or the london charivari volume 105 july 8th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 105 july 15th 1893 by various
the struggle between president johnson and congress
the falls of niagara and other famous cataracts by george w. holley
memoirs of napoleon bonaparte complete
no quarter! by mayne reid
'gloria victis!' by ossip schubin
our own set by ossip schubin
walks and words of jesus by m. n. olmsted
the bible in spain - vol. 2 [of 2] by george borrow
education in the home the kindergarten and
france by gordon cochrane home
private life of napoleon vol. 1 by constant premier valet de chambre
one year abroad by blanche willis howard
chapters of bible study by herman j. heuser
association football by john cameron
at large by e. w. hornung
mississippi outlaws and the detectives by allan pinkerton
history of american socialisms by john humphrey noyes
alice in wonderland by alice gerstenberg
anti-suffrage essays by various
private life of napoleon vol. 2 by constant premier valet de chambre
omens and superstitions of southern india by edgar thurston
the late tenant by louis tracy
the history of company a second illinois cavalry
history of american abolitionism by f. g. de fontaine
the allied countries and the jews by hyman gerson enelow
what i know of farming: by horace greeley
historical sketch of the fifteenth regiment
a dream of john ball a king's lesson by william morris
private life of napoleon vol. 3 by constant premier valet de chambre
my cave life in vicksburg by mary ann loughborough
the white gauntlet by mayne reid
the spanish cavalier by a. l. o. e.
all the days of my life: an autobiography
popular rhymes and nursery tales by james orchard halliwell
private life of napoleon vol. 4 by constant premier valet de chambre
claimants to royalty by john h. ingram
wake-robin by john burroughs
punch 1893.07.29 by various
how she felt in her first corset and other poems by matt. w. alderson
the early history of the colonial post-office by mary e. woolley
luttrell of arran by charles james lever
the history of the five indian nations of canada
private life of napoleon vol. 5 by constant premier valet de chambre
shakespeare and music by christopher wilson
ontology or the theory of being by peter coffey
artist and model by ren?e pont-jest
13 days by john alan lyde caunter
the wound dresser by walt whitman
the united states and the war by gilbert murray
her infinite variety by brand whitlock
motor boat boys on the st. lawrence by louis arundel
peggy parsons a hampton freshman by annabel sharp
private life of napoleon vol. 6 by constant premier valet de chambre
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 370 august 1846
leigh hunt's relations with byron shelley and keats
punchor the london charivari volume 105 july 22nd 1893
the gnostic crucifixion by g. r. s. mead
life and death by henryk sienkiewicz
the little treasure of prayers by anonymous
the chronicle of the discovery and conquest of guinea
the american quarterly review by various
private life of napoleon vol. 7 by constant premier valet de chambre
the game and the candle by eleanor m. ingram
american leaders and heroes by wilbur fisk gordy
the gradual acceptance of the copernican theory
the religion of the indians of california by a. l. kroeber
the pearl of peace by madeline leslie
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 5 by various
christian phrenology by joseph bunney
private life of napoleon vol. 8 by constant premier valet de chambre
history of roman literature from its earliest period
history of roman literature from its earliest period
blacker's art of fly making &c. by william blacker
the knight of gwynne vol. i (of ii) by charles james lever
the knight of gwynne vol. ii (of ii) by charles james lever
our katie by anonymous
private life of napoleon vol. 9 by constant premier valet de chambre
marriage and divorce laws of the world by hyacinthe ringrose
the man who pleases and the woman who charms by john a. cone
discovery of america by the northmen 985-1015
the chronicle of the discovery and conquest of guinea
lily pearl and the mistress of rosedale by ida glenwood
joseph bonaparte by john s. c. abbott
dilemmas of pride (vol 1 of 3) by margracia loudon
private life of napoleon vol. 10 by constant premier valet de chambre
when the ku klux rode by eyre damer
violet: a fairy story by caroline snowden guild
new voyage round the world by a course never sailed before
first person paramount by ambrose pratt
the way of the strong by ridgwell cullum
governor winthrop's return to boston by g. washington warren
the ms. in a red box by john arthur hamilton
the cornflower and other poems by jean blewett
private life of napoleon vol. 11 by constant premier valet de chambre
two fishers and other poems by herbert edward palmer
the deemster by hall caine
the second string by nat gould
mornings at bow street by john wight
gwen wynn by mayne reid
the hills of refuge by will n. harben
she's all the world to me by hall caine
plain mary smith by henry wallace phillips
tales from blackwood by various
private life of napoleon vol. 12 by constant premier valet de chambre
a fantasy of far japan by baron kencho suyematsu
babylonian-assyrian birth-omens and their
renaissance in italy: italian literature by john addington symonds
the scarlet car by richard harding davis
the private life of napoleon bonaparte complete
rose of dutcher's coolly by hamlin garland
non-combatants and others by rose macaulay
the boy scouts of the air in indian land by gordon stuart
the earl of mayo by william wilson hunter
essays vol. 1 of 19 by michel de montaigne
captain kyd vol. ii by jonathon holt ingraham
matelda and the cloister of hellfde by matilda of magdeburg
autobiographical reminiscences with family letters
essays vol. 2 of 19 by michel de montaigne
granny's wonderful chair by frances browne
leo the circus boy by ralph bonehill
the secret of the reef by harold bindloss
all about the klondyke gold mines by j. armoy knox and j. g. pratt
by wit of woman by arthur w. marchmont
essays vol. 3 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the outdoor chums on a houseboat by quincy allen
the dust of conflict by harold bindloss
history of prince edward island by duncan campbell
the bail jumper by robert j. c. stead
joan of arc by jane alice sargant
an examination of president edwards' inquiry into
essays vol. 4 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the last laird of macnab by various
microscopes and accessory apparatus by ernst leitz
ekkehard. vol. i (of ii) by joseph victor scheffel
ekkehard. vol. ii (of ii) by joseph victor scheffel
gaudeamus! by joseph victor scheffel
an old story of my farming days vol. i (of iii) by fritz reuter
essays vol. 5 of 19 by michel de montaigne
an old story of my farming days vol. ii (of iii) by fritz reuter
an old story of my farming days vol. iii (of iii) by fritz reuter
in the year '13 by fritz reuter
japanese fairy tales by grace james
studies in the out-lying fields of psychic science by hudson tuttle
the religions of ancient egypt and babylonia by archibald henry sayce
the motor maids by rose shamrock and thistle by katherine stokes
aunt jane's nieces on the ranch by edith van dyne
essays vol. 6 of 19 by michel de montaigne
essays by arthur christopher benson
congressional government by woodrow wilson
celtic folk and fairy tales by various
charles lever his life in his letters vol. i (of ii)
charles lever his life in his letters vol. ii (of ii)
i conquered by harold titus
tales from blackwood by various
essays vol. 7 of 19 by michel de montaigne
letter to the right honourable lord viscount melbourne on
cuba past and present by richard davey
henry martyn saint and scholar by george smith
mr. punch in bohemia by various
reflections on war and death by sigmund freud
essays vol. 8 of 19 by michel de montaigne
war inconsistent with the religion of jesus christ by david low dodge
notes and letters on the natural history of norfolk by thomas browne
seed-time and harvest by fritz reuter
essays vol. 9 of 19 by michel de montaigne
letters on the improvement of the mind by hester chapone
humours of irish life by various
feats on the fiord by harriet martineau
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 january 1865 by various
practical politics; or the liberalism of to-day
the gospel of buddha by paul carus
the great captain by katharine tynan hinkson
the seven lamps of architecture by john ruskin
the philippines a century hence by jose rizal
good stories for great holidays by frances jenkins olcott
essays vol. 10 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the river-names of europe by robert ferguson
heriot's choice by rosa nouchette carey
final proof by r. ottolengui
rose leaf and apple leaf by rennell rodd
the orpheus c. kerr papers. series 1 by robert h. newell
love worship and death by rennell rodd
essays vol. 11 of 19 by michel de montaigne
jovinian by w.h.g. kingston
odd people by mayne reid
the finger of fate by mayne reid
the child wife by mayne reid
american indians by frederick starr
a history of the growth of the steam-engine by robert h. thurston
essays vol. 12 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the sea lady by herbert george wells
louisville ky. after the cyclone by e. klauber
victorian ode by francis thompson
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 6 by various
the girl from alsace by burton egbert stevenson
a romance of toronto by annie gregg savigny
a syrup of the bees by anonymous
essays vol. 13 of 19 by michel de montaigne
bevis by richard jefferies
sir noel's heir by may agnes fleming
inquiry into the origin and course of political parties
a month in yorkshire by walter white
life letters and work of frederic leighton by mrs. russell barrington
life letters and work of frederic leighton by mrs. russell barrington
are the planets inhabited? by e. walter maunder
essays vol. 14 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the siege of the seven suitors by meredith nicholson
that unfortunate marriage vol. 1(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
that unfortunate marriage vol. 2(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
that unfortunate marriage vol. 3(of 3) by frances eleanor trollope
true and other stories by george parsons lathrop
the campaner thal and other writings by jean paul friedrich richter
essays vol. 15 of 19 by michel de montaigne
lives of poor boys who became famous by sarah k. bolton
the sun dance of the blackfoot indians by clark wissler
the handbook to the rivers and broads of norfolk
a northern countryside by rosalind richards
the go ahead boys in the island camp by ross kay
a review of edwards's by henry tappan
the widow's vow by elizabeth inchbald
essays vol. 16 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the lure of the camera by charles s. olcott
the inconstant by george farquhar
socialism revolution and internationalism by gabriel deville
courtship and marriage by annie s. swan
the go ahead boys and the mysterious old house by ross kay
abroad at home by julian street
loveliness by elizabeth stuart phelps
essays vol. 17 of 19 by michel de montaigne
for the school colours by angela brazil
little pills an army story by robert henderson mckay
corianton by b. h. roberts
letters of abelard and heloise by pierre bayle
essays vol. 18 of 19 by michel de montaigne
from the easy chair series 2 by george william curtis
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 369 july 1846
amy in acadia by helen leah reed
browning and the dramatic monologue by s. s. curry
essays vol. 19 of 19 by michel de montaigne
the story of lewis carroll by isa bowman
memoirs of orange jacobs by orange jacobs
history of don quixote de la mancha by miguel de cervantes saavedra
heroines that every child should know by various
william blake by algernon charles swinburne
the dawn patrol and other poems of an aviator by paul bewsher
the jungle book by rudyard kipling
the war of the worlds by h. g. wells
what is property? by p. j. proudhon
the essays of montaigne complete by michel de montaigne
the boy scouts under fire in mexico by lieut. howard payton
time in the play of hamlet by edward p. vining
degeneracy by eugene s. talbot
the pullman boycott by w. f. burns
my treasure by thomas w. handford
ethel morton and the christmas ship by mabell s. c. smith
the blue rose fairy book by maurice baring
a book written by the spirits of the so-called dead
ethel morton at chautauqua by mabell s. c. smith
notes on old edinburgh by isabella l. bird
little miss peggy by mrs. molesworth
the prussian terror by alexandre dumas
oscar wilde by arthur ransome
at boarding school with the tucker twins by nell speed
cupid's understudy by edward salisbury field
e.p. roe: reminiscences of his life by mary a. roe
north america by israel c. russell
from pillar to post by john kendrick bangs
silent struggles by ann s. stephens
royal highness by thomas mann
a speckled bird by augusta j. evans
captain kyd (vol 1 of 2) by jonathon holt ingraham
proceedings of the second national conservation congress by various
overshadowed by sutton e. griggs
white nights and other stories by fyodor dostoevsky
st. nicholas vol. xiii september 1886 no. 11 by various
medical experts: investigation of insanity by juries by w. s. thorne
fiscal ballads by harry graham
the giant crab and other tales from old india by w. h. d. rouse
george sand by justin m'carthy
corse de leon volume i (of 2) by g. p. r. james
the cave by the beech fork by henry s. spalding
history of the commune of 1871 by p. lissagary
white otter by elmer russell gregor
the law and the poor by edward abbott parry
vacation with the tucker twins by nell speed
the red debt by everett macdonald
martine's hand-book of etiquette and guide
on the firing line by anna chapin ray and hamilton brock fuller
colors of life by max eastman
the last of the vikings by john bowling
the impending crisis of the south by hinton rowan helper
lachesis lapponica by carl von linn?
antonina by wilkie collins
farm gardening with hints on cheap manuring by anonymous
chattanooga and chickamauga by henry v. boynton
poems of james mcintyre by james mcintyre
explorers and travellers by adolphus w. greely
ismailia by samuel white baker
hesperus or forty-five dog-post-days vol. i.
the poll for an assistant minister for the parish
life of robert burns by thomas carlyle
literary byways by william andrews
love and hatred by marie belloc lowndes
luther's small catechism by h. u. sverdrup
white house china of the lincoln administration in the
the lady of the mount by frederic s. isham
cities of the dawn by j. ewing ritchie
hesperus or forty-five dog-post-days vol. ii
back at school with the tucker twins by nell speed
to-morrow? by victoria cross
from the easy chair series 3 by george william curtis
tennyson's life and poetry by eugene parsons
the flowers of evil by charles baudelaire
a cadet's honor by upton sinclair
miss billy married by eleanor h. porter
the daisy chain or aspirations by charlotte yonge
the great war and how it arose by anonymous
on guard by upton sinclair
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
hope benham by nora perry
trevlyn hold by mrs. henry wood
trevethlan: (vol 2 of 3) by william davy watson
trevethlan (vol 3 of 3) by william davy watson
second shetland truck system report by william guthrie
odd bits of travel with brush and camera by charles m. taylor jr.
prophets of dissent by otto heller
christian sects in the nineteenth century
peccavi by e. w. hornung
a crime of the under-seas by guy boothby
the cinder pond by carroll watson rankin
john bull's other island by george bernard shaw
essays by david hume
the snow-burner by henry oyen
the winning of the golden spurs by percy f. westerman
the comstock club by charles carroll goodwin
the international monthly volume 4 no. 1 august 1851 by various
a journey to ohio in 1810 by margaret van horn dwight
curious myths of the middle ages by sabine baring-gould
grand teton [wyoming] national park
miscellanous pieces by john bunyan
the international monthly volume 3 no. 3 june 1851 by various
the parent's assistant by maria edgeworth
brenda's ward by helen leah reed
bat wing bowles by dane coolidge
spawn of ixion or the 'biter bit' an allegory
yankee ships and yankee sailors: tales of 1812 by james barnes
the preface to the aeneis of virgil (1718) by joseph trapp
poppy by cynthia stockley
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 5th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 12th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 19th 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 august 26th 1893 by various
the mapleson memoirs vol i by james h. mapleson
the mapleson memoirs vol ii by james h. mapleson
no treason vol. vi. by lysander spooner
dr. john mcloughlin the father of oregon
george gem?r's progress in violin making by george gem?r
hoosier mosaics by maurice thompson
songs and satires by edgar lee masters
john bull on the guadalquivir by anthony trollope
hoosier lyrics by eugene field
franklin's autobiography by benjamin franklin
a new atmosphere by gail hamilton
memorial day and other verse by helen leah reed
the invasion by william le queux
amy herbert by elizabeth sewell
daisy burns (volume 1) by julia kavanagh
daisy burns (volume 2) by julia kavanagh
a letter of credit by susan warner
the o'conors of castle conor by anthony trollope
rachel gray by julia kavanagh
a letter to thomas f. bayard by lysander spooner
living for the best by james g. k. mcclure
flower fruit and thorn pieces; by jean paul friedrich richter
that little beggar by e. king hall
mirror of the months by peter george patmore
rosemary and rue by amber
the son of his father by ridgwell cullum
told on the pagoda by mimosa
a rambler's lease by bradford torrey
french classics by william cleaver wilkinson
letters of major jack downing of the downingville militia seba smith
mr. punch on tour by various
the little dog trusty; the orange man; and the cherry orchard;
the rover boys on a tour by arthur m. winfield
arms and the man by george bernard shaw
the whale house of the chilkat by george t. emmons
the life of george washington by josephine pollard
great englishwomen by m. b. synge
the sandman: his farm stories by william j. hopkins
punch or the london charivari volume 93 october 15th 1887
the judicial murder of mary e. surratt by david miller dewitt
in search of a son by william shepard walsh
cousin maude by mary j. holmes
the balkan wars by jacob gould schurman
the viceroys of ireland by charles o'mahony
dr. hardhack's prescription by katharine mcdowell rice
boston neighbours in town and out by agnes blake poor
our calendar by george nichols packer
the mystery of the barranca by herman whitaker
bijou by gyp
miss billy's decision by eleanor h. porter
geological observations on south america by charles darwin
history of the dewitt guard company a 50th regiment
francis drake and the california indians 1579 by robert f. heizer
'neath the hoof of the tartar by mikl??a
norfolk annals by charles mackie
lectures on the true the beautiful and the good by victor cousin
the franco-german war of 1870-71 by count helmuth von moltke
men women and guns by herman cyril mcneile
virginia a tragedy by marion forster gilmore
famous prima donnas by lewis clinton strang
studies in zechariah by arno c. gaebelein
sawdust & spangles by w. c. coup
the duke's children by anthony trollope
my little sister by elizabeth robins
spinning-wheel stories by louisa may alcott
essays in the study of folk-songs (1886)
the boy with wings by berta ruck
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 8 by various
the eulogy of richard jefferies by walter besant
the camp fire girls' careers by margaret vandercook
molly brown's post-graduate days by nell speed
the shooting of dan mcgrew a novel by marvin dana
the stolen heiress by susanna centlivre
old kensington by miss thackeray
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
the mystery of the locks by edgar watson howe
the mantle and other stories by nicholas gogol
chaucer by adolphus william ward
the real gladstone by j. ewing ritchie
narrative of a voyage to the west indies and mexico
roland graeme: knight by agnes maule machar
latitude 19 degree by mrs. schuyler crowninshield
history of literary criticism in the renaissance
told in the hills by marah ellis ryan
the red mouse by william hamilton osborne
among the canadian alps by lawrence j. burpee
honore de balzac by albert keim and louis lumet
arts and crafts essays by various
the corner house girls on a tour by grace brooks hill
sounding the ocean of air by a. lawrence rotch
phallic miscellanies by hargrave jennings
the corner house girls' odd find by grace brooks hill
the fatal falsehood by hannah more
the chain of life in geological time by sir j. william dawson
the impeachment of the house of brunswick by charles bradlaugh
the bible: what it is by charles bradlaugh
when were our gospels written? by charles bradlaugh
heresy: its utility and morality by charles bradlaugh
a few words about the devil by charles bradlaugh
life of bunyan by james hamilton
the gospel of evolution by edward aveling
nature and the gods by arthur b. moss
some objections to socialism by charles bradlaugh
the automobile girls at newport by laura dent crane
piccadilly by laurence oliphant
wood and garden by gertrude jekyll
the kingdom of love and other poems by ella wheeler wilcox
letters of the motor girl by ethellyn gardner
donald mcelroy scotch irishman by willie walker caldwell
the tobacco tiller by sarah bell hackley
the plurality of worlds by william whewell and edward hitchcock
ormond volume i (of 3) by charles brockden brown
the titan by theodore dreiser
ormond volume ii (of 3) by charles brockden brown
ormond volume iii (of 3) by charles brockden brown
nearly bedtime by h. mary wilson
the pastor's wife by elizabeth von arnim
amenities of literature by isaac disraeli
the oakdale affair by edgar rice burroughs
what to do? by leo tolstoy
the thousand and one days by julia pardoe
dawson black: retail merchant by harold whitehead
our revolution by leon trotzky
rambles of a naturalist by john d. godman
a day with walt whitman by maurice clare
trial of the officers and crew of the privateer savannah
the ghetto by herman heijermans
the water-babies by charles kingsley
on the significance of science and art by leo tolstoy
the problem of 'edwin drood' by w. robertson nicoll
witchcraft of new england explained by modern spiritualism
witch winnie's mystery or the old oak cabinet
poor miss finch by wilkie collins
the motor maids by palm and pine by katherine stokes
misrepresentative men by harry graham
the battleship boys at sea by frank gee patchin
two boys of the battleship by frank v. webster
lost in the jungle by paul du chaillu
marjorie dean high school senior by pauline lester
an examination into and an elucidation of the great
the old blood by frederick palmer
jezebel's daughter by wilkie collins
a word to women by mrs. c. e. humphry
an address delivered at the interment of mrs. harriet
the secret of lonesome cove by samuel hopkins adams
gabriel conroy by bert harte
a day with samuel taylor coleridge by may byron
memoirs of benjamin franklin; written by himself [vol. 1 of 2]]
boscobel by thomas blount
the guilty river by wilkie collins
gunpowder treason and plot by harold avery
in both worlds by william henry holcombe
the universe a vast electric organism by george woodward warder
the mentor: the weather by charles fitzhugh talman
letters of david ricardo to thomas robert malthus 1810-1823
the mandarin's fan by fergus hume
holman hunt by mary e. coleridge
our artist in cuba peru spain and algiers by george w. carleton
mother by kathleen norris
the american missionary -- volume 39 no. 10 october 1885 by various
memorial of mrs. lucy gilpatrick marsh delivered
the invisible lodge by jean paul
problems in greek history by john pentland mahaffy
the salamander by owen johnson
life of john keats by sidney colvin
dorothy's double by g. a. henty
the fall of the niebelungs by unknown
faithful margaret by annie ashmore
a diplomatic woman by huan mee
zoe; or some day by may leonard
dangerous ground by lawrence l. lynch
the wye and its associations by leitch ritchie
if any man sin by h. a. cody
the garden of allah by robert hichens
the bishop and the boogerman by joel chandler harris
type by a. a. stewart
wives and widows; or the broken life by ann s. stephens
fifty years in the northwest by william henry carman folsom
the life of benjamin franklin by mason locke weems
dave porter on cave island by edward stratemeyer
ancient manners by pierre louys
the devil's disciple by george bernard shaw
a canterbury pilgrimage by joseph pennell
the squire's daughter by silas kitto hocking
tales from the fjeld by p. chr. asbj?en
the mythologies of ancient mexico and peru by lewis spence
colonial expeditions to the interior of california
airship andy by frank v. webster
diary of a pedestrian in cashmere and thibet by william henry knight
the meadow-brook girls across country by janet aldridge
the best policy by elliott flower
ruth fielding in the red cross by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding in the saddle by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding at sunrise farm by alice b. emerson
ruth fielding at silver ranch by alice b. emerson
missing friends by thorvald weitemeyer
literary taste by arnold bennett
the turn of the tide by eleanor h. porter
titan: a romance by jean paul
the international monthly volume 4 no. 2 september 1851 by various
mercedes of castile by j. fenimore cooper
a mediaeval mystic by vincent scully
harry watson's high school days by frank v. webster
the story of bacon's rebellion by mary newton stanard
blackie & sons catalogue - 1886 by various
ten years near the german frontier by maurice francis egan
jessamine by marion harland
the pictorial press by mason jackson
the white hecatomb by william charles scully
the belgian twins by lucy fitch perkins
between sun and sand by william charles scully
by veldt and kopje by william charles scully
lodges in the wilderness by william charles scully
the pony rider boys in the alkali by frank gee patchin
jesus fulfils the law by one of the society of friends
the motor girls at camp surprise by margaret penrose
the soul of susan yellam by horace annesley vachell
randy's summer by amy brooks
the palace in the garden by mary louisa molesworth
chronicles of the schonberg-cotta family by elizabeth rundle charles
publications of the society for promoting christian knowledge (1902)
wonderland; or alaska and the inside passage
the friars in the philippines by ambrose coleman
the story of an untold love by paul leicester ford
king of the air by herbert strang
studies in old testament history by jesse l. hurlbut
photogravure by henry r. blaney
renaissance in italy: italian literature by john addington symonds
the nineteenth century apostle of the little ones by e. uhlrich
psychotherapy by james j. walsh
richard iii: his life & character by clements r. markham
autobiography of an electron by charles robert gibson
treatise on meteorological instruments
mentally defective children by alfred binet and th?ore simon
the dwelling place of light vol. 1 by american novelist
the female soldier by anonymous
glacier national park [montana] by united states dept. of the interior
the mail pay on the burlington railroad by anonymous
a butterfly on the wheel by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
photographs of nebul?nd clusters by james edward keeler
united states government publications vol. 8 jan-jun 1892
a statistical inquiry into the nature and treatment of
privateers and privateering by e. p. statham
riches of grace by e. e. byrum
the red year by louis tracy
dante by philip h. wicksteed
auriol by w. harrison ainsworth
wilhelm meister's apprenticeship and travels vol. i (of 2)
a history of germany by bayard taylor
the camp fire girls on the open road by hildegard g. frey
the city of the mormons by henry caswall
the night riders by henry c. wood
modern society by julia ward howe
the dwelling place of light complete by american novelist
a reconstructed marriage by amelia edith huddleston barr
the toy shop (1735); the king and the miller of
the kidnapped president by guy boothby
the devil's elixir by e. t. a. hoffmann
astronomical myths by john f. blake
on the cattle plague: or contagious typhus in
rounding up the raider by percy f. westerman
the land of little rain by mary austin
selections from american poetry by margeret sprague carhart
the dispatch-riders by percy f. westerman
olive leaves by lydia howard sigourney
joan thursday by louis joseph vance
a man's hearth by eleanor m. ingram
freshwater sponges hydroids & polyzoa by nelson annandale
travels in the steppes of the caspian sea the crimea
commercialized prostitution in new york city
mary wollstonecraft's original stories by mary wollstonecraft
eight harvard poets by e. estlin cummings s. foster damon
the higher court by mary stewart daggett
the weight of the crown by fred m. white
second edition of a discovery concerning ghosts by george cruikshank
our army at the front by heywood broun
the battle of hexham; by george colman
harper's new monthly magazine vol 1-98 1850-1899 by various
amusing prose chap books by various
all men are ghosts by l. p. jacks
history of the mackenzies by alexander mackenzie
the descent of man and selection in relation to sex by charles darwin
great masters in painting: perugino by george c. williamson
the trail of the axe by ridgwell cullum
the history of peru by henry s. beebe
mr. punch at the play by various
the guns of bull run by joseph a. altsheler
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 60 no. 372
nobody's child by elizabeth dejeans
bastien lepage by fr. crastre
antonio stradivari by horace william petherick
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. october 1 1887 by various
playing with fire by amelia edith huddleston barr
st. dionysius of alexandria by bishop of alexandria saint dionysius
alfred tennyson by andrew lang
unto this last and other essays on political economy by john ruskin
american occupation of the philippines 1898-1912 by james h. blount
the motley muse by harry graham
pope: his descent and family connections by joseph hunter
in the andamans and nicobars by c. boden kloss
the seven follies of science [2nd ed.] by john phin
plain introduction to the criticism of the new testament
plain introduction to the criticism of the new testament
the parent's assistant by maria edgeworth
a noble name by claire von gl?
the brute by frederic arnold kummer
york minster by arthur perceval purey-cust
education in england in the middle ages by albert william parry
chaucer and his times by grace e. hadow
guide to the kindergarten and intermediate class and moral
the complete works of josh billings by henry w. shaw
how to get strong and how to stay so by william blaikie
legends of the kaw by carrie de voe
cyprus as i saw it in 1879 by samuel w. baker
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
the widow barnaby by frances trollope
the international monthly volume 4 no. 3 october 1851
the welsh pony by olive tilford dargan
the roycroft dictionary by elbert hubbard
god and the state by mikhail aleksandrovich bakunin
a catalogue of books published by methuen and company
wild beasts and their ways vol. 1 by samuel w. baker
the heiress by john burgoyne
the book of riddles by anonymous
baby jane's mission by reginald parnell
the count of narbonne by robert jephson
the student-life of germany by william howitt
a claim on klondyke by edward roper
the warden of the plains by john maclean
teaching the child patriotism by kate upson clarke
the prospector by ralph connor
four american naval heroes by mabel beebe
hania by henryk sienkiewicz
the blind beggar of jericho by anonymous
bahaism and its claims by samuel graham wilson
a true relation of the apparition of one mrs. veal by daniel defoe
the red derelict by bertram mitford
the rosary by florence l. barclay
the english stage by augustin filon
marital power exemplified in mrs. packard's trial
the fire trumpet by bertram mitford
fordham's feud by bertram mitford
stranger than fiction by mary l. lewes
three in norway by james arthur lees and walter j. clutterbuck
american antiquities by wm. b. norman
golden face by bertram mitford
bab: a sub-deb by mary roberts rinehart
out of the triangle by mary e. bamford
the golden rock by ernest glanville
a vendetta of the desert by william charles scully
tales from the veld by ernest glanville
the yellow chief by mayne reid
the white squaw by mayne reid
the sirdar's oath by bertram mitford
the ruby sword by bertram mitford
the surrender of calais by george colman
the immortal lure by cale young rice
the influence of the bible on civilisation by ernst von dobschutz
bible stories and pictures by anonymous
the princess and curdie by george macdonald
the kentuckian in new-york volume i (of 2)
the child who died and lived again by anonymous
the life of a celebrated buccaneer by richard clynton
carry on! by virna sheard
oscar wilde his life & confessions vol. 1 by frank harris
the three hills by john collings squire and charles baudelaire
inkle and yarico by george colman
dorrien of cranston by bertram mitford
adventures of working men by george manville fenn
the cup of trembling and other stories by mary hallock foote
the childhood of king erik menved by bernhard severin ingemann
how the bible was invented by m. m. mangasarian
reasons against the succession of the house of hanover
hope hathaway by frances parker
the girl from keller's by harold bindloss
king eric and the outlaws vol. 1 by bernhard severin ingemann
king eric and the outlaws vol. 2 by bernhard severin ingemann
king eric and the outlaws vol. 3 by bernhard severin ingemann
lest we forget by john gilbert thompson and inez bigwood
a night in avignon by cale young rice
a key to lord tennyson's 'in memoriam' by alfred gatty
a book of ghosts by sabine baring-gould
chickamauga useless disastrous battle by smith d atkins
yvette by henri rene guy de maupassant
women novelists of queen victoria's reign
eli's children by george manville fenn
a tour throughout south wales and monmouthshire by j. t. barber
the coward by henry morford
louisiana beef cattle by william carter stubbs
home influence by grace aguilar
w.p. nimmo catalogue selected list 1890 by various
maurine by ella wheeler wilcox
the mystery of francis bacon by william t. smedley
the castle of andalusia by john o'keeffe
cruisings in the cascades by george o. shields
pleasure & profit in bible study by dwight moody
a seasonable warning and caution against the insinuations of
the log of a sea-waif by frank t. bullen
tales from the old french by various
magic by ellis stanton
andreas hofer by lousia muhlbach
journal of countess fran?se krasinska
kentucky poems by madison j. cawein
the palm tree blessing by w. e. shepard
john leech his life and work. vol. 1 by william powell frith
goops and how to be them by gelett burgess
the sins of the father by thomas dixon
a discourse on the evils of dancing by john f. mesick
polish fairy tales by a. j. glinski
knitting crochet and netting with twelve illustrations
wolfville days by alfred henry lewis
roster of company i 24th regiment massachusetts volunteers
in god's garden by amy steedman
scenes and adventures in the semi-alpine region of the ozark
sea monsters unmasked and sea fables explained by henry lee
the puddleford papers by h. h. riley
the albert n'yanza great basin of the nile by samuel white baker
an answer to a question that nobody thinks of viz. but
fore! by charles emmett van loan
days and nights in london by j. ewing ritchie
molly brown's freshman days by nell speed
national rhymes of the nursery by various
the vicar of wrexhill by mrs. (frances) trollope
sketch of dunbarton new hampshire by ella mills
the woman-hater by charles reade
anarchism by paul eltzbacher
conversations on natural philosophy in which the elements of
the whole armour of god by john henry jowett
the lay-man's sermon upon the late storm by daniel defoe
right living as a fine art by newell dwight hillis
old deccan days by m. frere
history of the discovery of the northwest by john
barnaby by r. ramsay
the country of the pointed firs by sarah orne jewett
peg woffington by charles reade
graceful riding by s. c. waite
verse and worse by harry graham
a bayard from bengal by hurry bungsho jabberjee
by right of purchase by harold bindloss
charles' journey to france and other tales by anna laetitia barbauld
only a girl: by wilhelmine von hillern
christie johnstone by charles reade
the haunted homestead by e. d. e. n. southworth
dickens by adolphus william ward
yekl by abraham cahan
molly brown's junior days by nell speed
recollections of a varied life by george cary eggleston
house of torment by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
one maid's mischief by george manville fenn
dutch the diver by george manville fenn
on the cross by wilhelmine von hillern
america first by frances nimmo greene
occultism and common-sense by beckles willson
tales of the wonder club volume iii by m. y. halidom
charlie newcomer by wilbur b. stover
the browning cyclopaedia by edward berdoe
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 10 slice 1 by various
molly brown of kentucky by nell speed
the book of the duke of true lovers by christin?e pisan
the strange story of rab r? by m??
the dragon and the raven by g. a. henty
peggy owen patriot by lucy foster madison
astronomy with an opera-glass by garrett putman serviss
the child's book about moses by anonymous
peggy owen at yorktown by lucy foster madison
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 1 june 1893 by various
the mountains of oregon by william gladstone steel
ruth fielding down in dixie by alice b. emerson
st. nicholas v. 13 no. 9 july 1886 by various
engraving for illustration by joseph kirkbride
capturing a locomotive by william pittenger
the cavaliers of virginia by william a. caruthers
the child's picture book by anonymous
romantic story of the mayflower pilgrims
religion and the war by various
cynthia wakeham's money by anna katharine green
daisy; or the fairy spectacles by caroline snowden guild
the firefly of france by marion polk angellotti
minnie; or the little woman by caroline snowden guild
stevenson's shrine by laura stubbs
in the track of the bookworm by irving browne
the further adventures of o'neill in holland by j. irwin brown
the cradle of the christ by octavius brooks frothingham
triumphs of invention and discovery in art and science
and what if the pretender should come? by daniel defoe
on our selection by steele rudd
phantoms of the foot-bridge and other stories
the hearts of men by h. fielding
the teacher by george herbert palmer and alice freeman palmer
humorous readings and recitations by various
inventions in the century by william henry doolittle
twenty-five years in the rifle brigade by william surtees
jonah by louis stone
household administration by various
more misrepresentative men by harry graham
concerning lafcadio hearn by george m. gould
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 4 september 1893 by various
treading the narrow way by r. e. barrett
critical studies by ouida
a twofold life by wilhelmine von hillern
getting gold by j. c. f. johnson
a book about the theater by brander matthews
the mormon puzzle and how to solve it by r. w. beers
myth ritual and religion vol. 2 (of 2) by andrew lang
bygones worth remembering vol. 1 (of 2) by george jacob holyoake
bygones worth remembering vol. 2 (of 2) by george jacob holyoake
the principles of secularism by george jacob holyoake
the limits of atheism by george jacob holyoake
history of the last trial by jury for atheism in england
acres of diamonds by russell h. conwell
ludicrous aspects of christianity by austin holyoak
a logic of facts by george jacob holyoake
the romance of polar exploration by g. firth scott
rebel verses by bernard gilbert
the league of the leopard by harold bindloss
crying for the light vol. 1 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
crying for the light vol. 2 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
mr. crewe's career book 1 by the american novelist
crying for the light vol. 3 [of 3] by j. ewing ritchie
the hour will come: volumes i and ii by wilhelmine von hillern
king matthias and the beggar boy by nicholas j?a
rome by mildred anna rosalie tuker and hope malleson
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
mr. crewe's career book 2 by the american novelist
visits and sketches at home and abroad with tales and
maxims and hints on angling chess shooting
marjorie dean high school junior by pauline lester
tablets by amos bronson alcott
the vulture maiden by wilhelmine von hillern
pastor pastorum by henry latham
throckmorton by molly elliot seawell
mr. crewe's career book 3 by the american novelist
the badger by alfred e. pease
conscript 2989 by irving crump
the camp fire girls at onoway house by hildegard g. frey
notes and queries vol. iii number 83 may 31 1851 by various
the men who wrought by ridgwell cullum
camp fires of the wolf patrol by alan douglas
mr. crewe's career books 1-4 by the american novelist
the making of an apostle by r. j. campbell
mundus foppensis by john evelyn
the issue by lector
the works of daniel webster volume 1 by daniel webster
in new england fields and woods by rowland e. robinson
blue robin the girl pioneer by rena i. halsey
george eliot by mathilde blind
lancelot of the laik by walter william skeat
think by col. wm. c. hunter
egypt (la mort de philae) by pierre loti
the story of antony grace by george manville fenn
a very naughty girl by l. t. meade
the chief justice by karl emil franzos
gabriel by salomon kohn
the prophet ezekiel by arno c. gaebelein
the blockade of phalsburg by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
invasion of france in 1814 by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
the army of the cumberland henry m. cist
the pl?scite by ?ile erckmann and alexandre chatrian
the green casket by mary louisa molesworth
school reading by grades by james baldwin
responsibilities by william butler yeats
south africa and the transvaal war vol. 3 (of 6) by louis creswicke
the real man by francis lynde
the ruby of kishmoor by howard pyle
cotton its progress from the field to the needle by anonymous
making a rose garden by henry h. saylor
a fluttered dovecote by george manville fenn
a girl in spring-time by jessie mansergh
midnight webs by george manville fenn
helena's path by anthony hope
rambles by land and water by b. m. norman
nicotiana by henry james meller
the chronicles of clovis by saki
niece catherine by mary hampden
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 march 1865 by various
mcclure's magazine vol. 1 no. 5 october 1893 by various
the story of nefrekepta by gilbert murray
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 april 1865 by various
letters of franz liszt vol. 1 from paris to rome:
the english church in the middle ages by william hunt
a cabinet secret by guy boothby
george alfred henty by george manville fenn
william the third by h. d. traill
benjamin franklin; self-revealed volume i (of 2) wiliam cabell bruce
benjamin franklin; self-revealed volume ii (of 2) wiliam cabell bruce
increasing personal efficiency by russell h. conwell
the outlaw of torn by edgar rice burroughs
floor games by h. g. wells
marvels of pond-life by henry j. slack
for the right by karl emil franzos
in wild rose time by amanda m. douglas
little wars; a game for boys from twelve years of age to
the hero in man by a.e.
the divine vision and other poems by a.e.
his lady of the sonnets by robert w. norwood
the piper and the reed by robert norwood
the story of fifty-seven cents and others by robert shackleton
the heart's country by mary heaton vorse
the house of life by dante gabriel rossetti
the deipnosophists or banquet of the learned of athen?
antarctic penguins by george murray levick
pawnee hero stories and folk-tales by george bird grinnell
the letters of amerigo vespucci by amerigo vespucci
indian and other tales by m. l. hope
man's redemption of man by william osler
memoir of mary l. ware wife of henry ware jr. by edward b. hall
leighton by a. lys baldry
louisa of prussia and her times by louise muhlbach
murillo by s. l. bensusan
constable by c. lewis hind
romney by c. lewis hind
in the days of the guild by louise lamprey
lectures on ventilation by lewis w. leeds
judith trachtenberg by karl emil franzos
free trade with india by common sense
every man in his humour by ben jonson
twenty quick soups by sarah tyson heston rorer
a tatter of scarlet by s. r. crockett
biography of rev. hosea ballou by maturin m. ballou
the gamekeeper at home by richard jefferies
wild life in a southern county by richard jefferies
every man out of his humour by ben jonson
richard galbraith mariner by emma watts phillips
addresses & papers / collectanea by peter eade
city ballads by will carleton
every man his own university by russell h. conwell
heroes of israel by theodore gerald soares
social rights and duties by leslie stephen
a child of the jago by arthur morrison
a classified catalogue of selected works published by
the girl from his town by marie van vorst
my attainment of the pole by frederick a. cook
equatorial america by maturin m. ballou
the motion picture chums at seaside park by victor appleton
harriet martineau by florence fenwick miller
the story of the toys by mary harris toy dodge
william de colchester by ernest harold pearce
the women of the confederacy by j. l. underwood
a century of roundels by algernon charles swinburne
the confessions of a poacher by anonymous
the captured scout of the army of the james by h. clay trumbull
old trails on the niagara frontier by frank h. severance
the lost heir by g. a. henty
the village of youth by bessie hatton
finger prints by francis galton
the task and other poems by william cowper
papers from overlook-house by casper almore
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 april 19 1916 by various
the life of mr. richard savage by anonymous
an englishman's view of the battle between the alabama
some phases of sexual morality and church discipline
miss sarah jack of spanish town jamaica by anthony trollope
the ghosts of their ancestors by weymer jay mills
the ontario archives by alexander fraser
body parentage and character in history by furneaux jordan
the future of brooklyn by alfred c. chapin
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 may 31 1916 by various
mystic immanence by basil wilberforce
every man for himself by norman duncan
fortunes and misfortunes of the famous moll flanders by daniel defoe
the courtship of susan bell by anthony trollope
the proper limits of the government's interference with
tales of the sun by mrs. howard kingscote and pandit natesa sastri
tessa wadsworth's discipline by jennie m. drinkwater
three accounts of peterloo by edward stanley
the devil's elixir by e. t. a. hoffmann
butterflies worth knowing by clarence m. weed
letters from high latitudes by the marquess of dufferin
get-rich-quick wallingford by george randolph chester
the recruiting officer by george farquhar
the pleasures of the country by harriet myrtle
carolyn of the corners by ruth belmore endicott
elements of morals by paul janet
the comforts of home by ralph bergengren
the girls of central high by gertrude w. morrison
foul play by charles reade and dion boucicault
children's ways by james sully
four afloat by ralph henry barbour
the awful australian by valerie desmond
getting at the inner man/fifty years on the lecture platform
with fire and sword by henryk sienkiewicz
americanisms and briticisms by brander matthews
dot and the kangaroo by ethel pedley
english and scottish ballads by various
revised and illustrated treatise on grain stacking
journal of dr. elias cornelius a revolutionary surgeon
the key to success by russell h. conwell
stories of the railroad by john a. hill
the red room by august strindberg
a naturalist's voyage round the world by charles darwin
the coming of the king by james hocking
jill's red bag by amy le feuvre
the irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 june 1865 by various
greene ferne farm by richard jefferies
history of the life and adventures of mr. duncan campell
a caution to the directors of the east-india company by anonymous
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of lichfield by a. b. clifton
happy hawkins by robert alexander wason
an alphabetical list of books contained in bohn's libraries
baseball joe of the silver stars by lester chadwick
observations on insanity by john haslam
life of mary queen of scots volume i (of 2) by henry glassford bell
life of mary queen of scots volume ii (of 2) by henry glassford bell
the valiant runaways by gertrude atherton
the thousandth woman by ernest w. hornung
george morland by edward d. cuming
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 3 by various
successward by edward w. bok
the trimmed lamp etc. by o. henry
a brief handbook of english authors by oscar fay adams
frye's practical candy maker by george v. frye
neghborly poems and dialect sketches by james whitcomb riley
punch or the london charivari vol. 93. october 22 1887 by various
world's end by richard jefferies
an introduction to chemical science by r. p. williams
great ralegh by hugh de selincourt
in strange company by guy boothby
a short view of the laws now subsisting with respect to
through shot and flame by j. d. kestell
outlook odes by t. w. h. crosland
the dales of arcady by dorothy una ratcliffe
john pettie r.a. h.r.s.a. by martin hardie
the locusts' years by mary helen fee
love eternal by h. rider haggard
a song of the english by rudyard kipling
the bradys' chinese clew by francis worcester doughty
literary blunders by henry benjamin wheatley
an unprotected female at the pyramids by anthony trollope
the backwoodsman by various
of the just shaping of letters by albrecht d?
the demands of rome by elizabeth schoffen
little women by louisa m. alcott
a life for a love by l. t. meade
relics of general chasse by anthony trollope
frontier folk by george booth
the zankiwank and the bletherwitch by s. j. adair fitzgerald
life in the confederate army by arthur peronneau ford
the sixty-first second by owen johnson
a history of the cries of london by charles hindley
the moral and intellectual diversity of races
history of the buccaneers of america by james burney
concerning sally by william john hopkins
sea-weeds shells and fossils by peter gray and b. b. woodward
the chateau of prince polignac by anthony trollope
expositor's bible: the gospel according to st. mark by g. a. chadwick
charles dickens' children stories by charles dickens
hunting in many lands by various
a foreword to the panama-pacific international exposition
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 october 29 1887 by various
salome by emma marshall
lives of the fur folk by m. d. haviland
aaron trow by anthony trollope
songs of womanhood by laurence alma-tadema
the happy golfer by henry leach
a hind let loose by alexander shields
undine by friedrich de la motte fouque
a proposal under difficulties by john kendrick bangs
why i am in favor of socialism by various
how to care for the insane by william d. granger
observations on madness and melancholy by john haslam
the leak by jacques futrelle
the cricket's friends by virginia w. johnson
the other fellow by f. hopkinson smith
fritz to the front by edward l. wheeler
the parenticide club by ambrose bierce
habits haunts and anecdotes of the moose and
a maid of many moods by virna sheard
songs of heroic days by thomas o'hagan
canada my land by w. m. mackeracher
ireland in the days of dean swift
the pros and cons of vivisection by charles richet
res judicat?by augustine birrell
mrs. general talboys by anthony trollope
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 4 by various
the girls of st. cyprian's by angela brazil
the sixth sense by stephen mckenna
woodcraft by alan douglas
norston's rest by ann s. stephens
ariadne in mantua by vernon lee
the parson's daughter of oxney colne by anthony trollope
lost sir massingberd v. 1/2 by james payn
lost sir massingberd v. 2/2 by james payn
in a glass darkly v. 1/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
in a glass darkly v. 2/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
in a glass darkly v. 3/3 by joseph sheridan le fanu
the boy aviators' flight for a fortune by wilbur lawton
ludvig holberg the founder of norwegian literature and
cecil castlemaine's gage lady marabout's troubles and
limbo and other essays by vernon lee
george walker at suez by anthony trollope
penelope brandling by vernon lee
the war-workers by e. m. delafield
colorado--the bright romance of american history by f. c. grable
the adventures of a widow by edgar fawcett
ulster folklore by elizabeth andrews
plish and plum by wilhelm busch
the return of the soldier by rebecca west
the mistletoe bough by anthony trollope
the main chance by meredith nicholson
john greenleaf whittier by w. sloane kennedy
bell's cathedrals: the cathedral church of manchester
the beaux-stratagem by george farquhar
problems in periclean buildings by g. w. elderkin
the deluge vol. i. (of 2) by henryk sienkiewicz
returning home by anthony trollope
telepathy and the subliminal self by r. osgood mason
winona of the camp fire by margaret widdemer
the wayfarers by mary stewart cutting
pioneers of france in the new world by francis parkman jr.
castles and chateaux of old touraine and the loire country
reincarnations by james stephens
the adventures of seumas beg by james stephens
the argus pheasant by john charles beecham
holidays & happy-days by hamish hendry
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland vol. xx.
olinda's adventures: or the amours of a young lady by anonymous
little susy's little servants by e. prentiss
a daughter of the land by gene stratton-porter
the biological problem of to-day by oscar hertwig
insanity by henry putnam stearns
the moors in spain by stanley lane-poole
popular books on natural science by aaron david bernstein
the galley slave's ring by eug? sue
english lands letters and kings by donald g. mitchell
great britain's sea policy by gilbert murray
a ride across palestine by anthony trollope
frauds and follies of the fathers by joseph mazzini wheeler
supernatural religion vol. i. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
supernatural religion vol. ii. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
supernatural religion vol. iii. (of iii) by walter richard cassels
my path to atheism by annie besant
the black poodle by f. anstey
the tigress by anne warner
stories about famous precious stones by mrs. goddard orpen
the house of heine brothers in munich by anthony trollope
the new-york weekly magazine by various
stories and pictures by isaac loeb peretz
jane oglander by marie belloc lowndes
kitty's conquest by charles king
the piskey-purse by enys tregarthen
why i am opposed to socialism by various
the city of numbered days by francis lynde
famous men of the middle ages by john h. haaren and addison b. poland
caybigan by james hopper
in touch with nature by gordon stables
born to wander by gordon stables
in the land of the great snow bear by gordon stables
the gentleman cadet by a. w. drayson
the young dragoon by a. w. drayson
jack buntline by w. h. g. kingston
the claw by cynthia stockley
wild honey by cynthia stockley
the decameron vol. 1 by giovanni boccaccio
the outspan by percy fitzpatrick
the bigamist by f. e. mills young
coelebs by f. e. mills young
yankee girls in zulu land by louise vescelius-sheldon
an i.d.b. in south africa by louise vescelius-sheldon
hot corn: life scenes in new york illustrated by solon robinson
the triumph of jill by f. e. mills young
maurice guest by henry handel richardson
stage-coach and tavern days by alice morse earle
a journal of the expedition to carthagena by anonymous
chaucer and his england by g. g. coulton
fly fishing in wonderland by klahowya
the getting of wisdom by henry handel richardson
little folks of north america by mary hazelton wade
how to write music by clement a. harris
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 5 by various
the whole secret laid open by anonymous
dickens as an educator by james laughlin hughes
the works of honor?e balzac by honor?e balzac
tales from j? by m??
abraham lincoln's religion by madison clinton peters
susan clegg and her love affairs by anne warner
the heroes of the school by allen chapman
thoughts for the quiet hour by various
the divine adventure volume iv by fiona macleod
the red cross barge by marie belloc lowndes
soft candy for bees by dr. burton n. gates
samboe; or the african boy by mary ann hedge
garcia the centenarian and his times by m. sterling mackinley
talks to freshman girls by helen dawes brown
the whale and the grasshopper by seumas o'brien
an account of the growth of deism in england by william stephens
the girls of central high on the stage by gertrude w. morrison
those dale girls by frank weston carruth
blue grass seminary girls' vacation adventures
the deluge vol. ii. (of 2) by henryk sienkiewicz
violins and violin makers by joseph pearce
disturbances of the heart by oliver t. osborne
the blue grass seminary girls on the water by carolyn judson burnett
john woolman's journal by john woolman
the standard galleries - holland by esther singleton
the bradys after a chinese princess by francis worcester doughty
the boy's book of heroes by helena peake
wolfville by alfred henry lewis
tiny luttrell by ernest william hornung
remarks on a pamphlet lately published by the rev. mr. maskelyne
music-study in germany by amy fay
poems on golf by edinburgh burgess golfing society
harry milvaine by gordon stables
turkish and other baths by gordon stables
o'er many lands on many seas by gordon stables
the domestic cat by gordon stables
bel ami by henri rene guy de maupassant
aileen aroon a memoir by gordon stables
a little princess by frances hodgson burnett
brenda's bargain by helen leah reed
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 21
my lord duke by e. w. hornung
the crime doctor by ernest william hornung
'midst the wild carpathians by m??
tom swift in the caves of ice by victor appleton
the clan fraser in canada by alexander fraser
count frontenac by william dawson lesueur
four years in france by henry digby beste
the expositor's bible: colossians and philemon by alexander maclaren
mortmain by arthur cheny train
lighter moments from the notebook of bishop walsham how
the old-fashioned fairy book by constance cary harrison
the inspector-general by nicolay gogol
contemporary socialism by john rae
stories of great musicians by kathrine lois scobey
pray you sir whose daughter? by helen h. gardener
sex = love by edward carpenter
annie o' the banks o' dee by gordon stables
a far country book 1 by the american novelist and historian
object: matrimony by montague glass
pan michael by henryk sienkiewicz
beautiful bulbous plants by john weathers
making up with mr. dog by albert bigelow paine
the second jungle book by rudyard kipling
sonnets and other verse by w. m. mackeracher
vacation verse by w. m. mackeracher
verses of feeling and fancy by w. m. mackeracher
the right to privacy by samuel d. warren and louis d. brandeis
rob of the bowl vol. i (of 2) by john p. kennedy
a far country book 2 by the american novelist and historian
the relations of science and religion by henry calderwood
the triumph of music by madison julius cawein
in the russian ranks by john morse
indian scout talks by charles a. eastman
the true story of my parliamentary struggle by charles bradlaugh
legends of the north; the guidman o' inglismill
notes and queries number 84 june 7 1851 by various
a far country book 3 by the american novelist and historian
the student's mythology by catherine ann white
the argentine republic by anonymous
embryology by gerald r. leighton
cultus arborum by anonymous
letters to severall persons of honour by john donne
tobacco leaves by w. a. brennan
chlorination of water by joseph race
a far country books 1-3 by the american novelist and historian
my memoirs by marguerite steinheil
burning of the brooklyn theatre by anonymous
the strange story book by mrs. andrew lang
the executioner's knife by eug? sue
fantastic fables by ambrose bierce
the travels and adventures of james massey by simon tyssot de patot
church history vol. 3 of 3 by j. h. kurtz
a maid at king alfred's court by lucy foster madison
on the field of glory by henryk sienkiewicz
william blake by irene langridge
louis xiv and la grande mademoiselle by arvede barine
the american crisis by thomas paine
masters of french music by arthur hervey
a primer of assyriology by archibald henry sayce
the duke decides by headon hill
trumpeter fred by charles king
the princess of bagdad by alexandre dumas
palm tree island by herbert strang
simon eichelkatz; the patriarch by ulrich frank
the rights of man by thomas paine
paint technology and tests by henry a. gardner
the life and times of kateri tekakwitha by ellen h. walworth
how we think by john dewey
views and reviews by henry james
within the rim and other essays by henry james
whirlpools by henryk sienkiewicz
scientific culture and other essays by josiah parsons cooke
the age of reason by thomas paine
pride and predjudice a play by mary keith medbery mackaye
the motor maids across the continent by katherine stokes
the motor maids' school days by katherine stokes
the wanderer (volume 1 of 5) by fanny burney
the wanderer (volume 2 of 5) by fanny burney
the wanderer (volume 3 of 5) by fanny burney
the trial by charlotte m. yonge
the wanderer (volume 4 of 5) by fanny burney
the wanderer (volume 5 of 5) by fanny burney
cookery for little girls by olive hyde foster
the lady and her horse by t. a. jenkins
king lear's wife; the crier by night; the riding to lithend;
hand-craft by john d. sutcliffe
puppets at large by f. anstey
the road to providence by maria thompson davies
the poetical works of elizabeth barrett browning vol. i
the barber of paris by charles paul de kock
the automobile girls along the hudson by laura dent crane
the rainbow book tales of fun & fancy by mabel henriette spielmann
cycling and shooting knickerbocker stockings by h. p. ryder
canada: its postage stamps and postal stationery
the judgment house by sir gilbert parker
boating by w. b. woodgate
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 5 1887 by various
lost in the ca? by alfred r. calhoun
daisy thornton by mary j. holmes
some imagist poets 1916 by richard aldington
the great war in england in 1897 by william le queux
mind amongst the spindles by various
zanzibar tales by various
l'illustration no. 3647 18 janvier 1913 by various
turkey by julius r. van millingen
jessie graham by mary jane holmes
taking chances by clarence l. cullen
the prose writings of heinrich heine by heinrich heine
the debit account by oliver onions
a journey to the interior of the earth by jules verne
campaigning with crook and stories of army life by charles king
the tangled skein by baroness emmuska orczy
the postmaster by joseph c. lincoln
the strand magazine volume xxvii issue 160 april 1904 by various
boy scouts in glacier park by walter prichard eaton
the outdoor chums on the lake by quincy allen
boy scouts in the northwest by george harvey ralphson
asgard stories by mabel h. cummings and mary h. foster
an historical narrative of the great and terrible fire of london
the chalice of courage by cyrus townsend brady
the gospel according to peter by walter r. cassels
text books of art education v. 2 of 7 by hugo b. froehlich
notes and queries vol. iii number 86 june 21 1851 by various
stories of old kentucky by martha grassham purcell
napoleon's letters to josephine by henry foljambe hall
in answer to prayer by w. boyd carpenter theodore l. cuyler
climbing in the british isles vol. ii
gammer gurton's needle by mr. s. mr. of art
a short narrative of the life and actions of his grace
the spaniards in florida by george r. fairbanks
the cassowary by stanley waterloo
the psychology of beauty by ethel d. puffer
by trench and trail in song and story by angus mackay
the child's story-book by anonymous
jemima placid by mary ann kilner
in a mysterious way by anne warner
notes and queries vol. iii number 87 june 28 1851 by various
the notorious impostor and diego redivivus by elkanah settle
the butterflys' ball by anonymous
curiousities of great britain: england and wales delineated
voyager's tales by richard hakluyt
surnames as a science by robert ferguson
sermons by j. b. lightfoot
quick action by robert w. chambers
peacock pie a book of rhymes by walter de la mare
the story of an ostrich by judd isaacs
theology and the social consciousness by henry churchill king
the scottish fairy book by elizabeth w. grierson
bungay castle: a novel. v. 1-2 by elizabeth bonhote
history of the washington national monument and of the washington
the house of the dead or prison life in siberia
san francisco in ruins by various
southern war songs by various
the hearth-stone by samuel osgood
persons unknown by virginia tracy
the female wits by anonymous
the fairies and the christmas child by lilian gask
notes and queries vol. iv number 88 july 5 1851 by various
the beauty by mrs. wilson woodrow
common sense by thomas paine
campaign of the fourteenth regiment new jersey volunteers
ann boyd by will n. harben
the pragmatic theory of truth as developed by peirce
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 2 1893
poems by edward shanks
open water by arthur stringer
a catalogue of sculpture in the department of greek and roman
fern vale (volume 3) by colin munro
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 9 1893 by various
wrestling and wrestlers: by jacob robinson and sidney gilpin
a man of honor by george cary eggleston
christ going up to heaven by unknown
notes and queries vol. iv number 89 july 12 1851 by various
the white bees henry van dyke
secret history of the court of england from the accession
secret history of the court of england from the accession
pencil sketches by eliza leslie
great inventions and discoveries by willis duff piercy
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 16th 1893
the golden hope by robert h. fuller
the later life by louis couperus
the gates of chance van tassel sutphen
the cricket on the hearth by charles dickens
the coast of adventure by harold bindloss
the baptist magazine vol. 27 march 1835 by various
a crooked mile by oliver onions
the katipunan by j. brecknock watson
the island of gold by gordon stables
through magic glasses and other lectures by arabella b. buckley
fridthjof's saga by esaias tegne'r
chance in chains by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
neuralgia and the diseases that resemble it by francis e. anstie
notes and queries vol. iv number 90 july 19 1851 by various
american pomology by j. a. warder
voces populi by f. anstey
denis dent by ernest w. hornung
the legend of the glorious adventures of tyl ulenspiegel
a journal of the plague year by daniel defoe
sybil or the two nations by benjamin disraeli
the fight for constantinople by percy f. westerman
the history of the nineteenth century in caricature
left to ourselves by catharine shaw
garden design and architects' gardens by w. robinson
the story of great inventions by elmer ellsworth burns
this country of ours by henrietta elizabeth marshall
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 11 slice 8 by various
christ in the storm by anonymous
bill's school and mine by william suddards franklin
search-light letters by robert grant
ocean to ocean on horseback by willard glazier
queens of the french stage by h. noel williams
luck at the diamond fields by dalrymple j. belgrave
coniston book 1 by the american novelist and historian
the jew by j? kraszewski
iermola by j? kraszewksi
the countess cosel by j? kraszewski
our old home vol. 2 by nathaniel hawthorne
servants of the guns by jeffery e. jeffery
coniston book 2 by the american novelist and historian
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume 6
societies of the kiowas by robert h lowie
victor hugo: his life and works by g. barnett smith
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 january 20 1872 by various
coniston book 3 by the american novelist and historian
health by john brown
dryden's works vol. 3 (of 18) by john dryden
the adventures of a country boy at a country fair by james otis
a century of emblems by g. s. cautley
love letters of a violinist and other poems by eric mackay
coniston book 4 by the american novelist and historian
bye-a baby bunting and other rhymes by anonymous
thomas hart benton by theodore roosevelt
the comic history of rome by gilbert abbott becket
list of kegan paul trench and co.'s publications (1887) by anonymous
vondel's lucifer by joost van den vondel
coniston books 1-4 by the american novelist and historian
the war of the axe by j. percy-groves
seed thoughts for singers by frank herbert tubbs
the sins of the children by cosmo hamilton
wild wales by george borrow
in the arctic seas by francis leopold mcclintock
the man who kept his money in a box by anthony trollope
the panama canal and its makers by vaughan cornish
from school to battle-field by charles king
ned wilding's disappearance by allen chapman
some account of the public life of the late lieutenant-general
the story of a life by j. breckenridge ellis
ali baba or the forty thieves by unknown
the myrtle reed cook book by myrtle reed
the teaching of geometry by david eugene smith
heads of lectures on a course of experimental philosophy:
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 1 of 4: a-d) by various
forest life and forest trees: comprising winter camp-life among
the brass bottle by f. anstey
lincoln the politician by t. aaron levy
the cruise of the land-yacht wanderer by gordon stables
a trooper galahad by charles king
rejected addresses by james smith and horace smith
the babes in the wood by anonymous
the travelling companions by f. anstey
cathedral cities of italy by william wiehe collins
monks popes and their political intrigues by john alberger
reason the only oracle of man by ethan allen
auricular confession and popish nunneries by william hogan
arguments of celsus porphyry and the emperor julian
creed and deed by felix adler
dawn of the morning by grace livingston hill
hell by robert g. ingersoll
kansas women in literature by nettie garmer barker
a second book of operas by henry edward krehbiel
biblical extracts by robert cooper
the life of thomas paine vol. i. (of ii) by moncure daniel conway
about the holy bible by robert g. ingersoll
oration on the life and services of thomas paineby robert g. ingersoll
popery! as it was and as it is by william hogan
john ronge: the holy coat of treves by john ronge and anonymous
a night on the borders of the black forest
the magic bed by hartwell james
leo xiii. the great leader by rev. a. p. doyle
cynthia's revels by ben jonson
the crime of the congo by sir arthur conan doyle
fishes flowers and fire as elements and deities in the
birket foster r. w. s. by herbert minton cundall
mother meg by catharine shaw
trees worth knowing by julia ellen rogers
elias by orson f. whitney
the student's elements of geology by charles lyell
the hindoos as they are by shib chunder bose
for sceptre and crown vol. i (of ii) by gregor samarow
for sceptre and crown vol. ii (of ii) by gregor samarow
the fisher girl by bj?tjerne bj?on
in god's way by bj?tjerne bj?on
ovind by bj?tjerne bj?on
south and south central africa by h. frances davidson
discourse on floating bodies by galileo galilei
memorials of the independent churches in northamptonshire
alter ego by w. w. walker
the emigrant's lost son by anonymous
some jewish witnesses for christ by rev. a. bernstein b.d
a history of the republican party by george washington platt
english and scottish ballads volume ii (of 8) by various
egerton ryerson and education in upper canada by j. harold putmam
the eskimo twins by lucy fitch perkins
the attitudes of animals in motion by eadweard muybridge
recollections and impressions by octavius brooks frothingham
manners & cvftoms of ye englyfhe by richard doyle
the angel of the gila: by cora marsland
how to collect a doctor bill by frank p. davis
napoleon bonaparte by john s. c. abbott
guy fawkes by william harrison ainsworth
the deluge and other poems by john presland
poems of london and other verses by john presland
a narrative of service with the third wisconsin infantry by hinkley
campaign of the first troop philadelphia city cavalry by james cooper
the byzantine empire by charles william chadwick oman
atlantic classics by various
darwin and after darwin volume ii (of 3) by george john romanes
the valley of fear by arthur conan doyle
a damaged reputation by harold bindloss
deformities of samuel johnson selected from his works
strange stories from the lodge of leisures by unknown
the phil may album by phil may
tom swift and his electric rifle by victor appleton
pioneer day exercises by the schoolcraft michigan
a memoir of sir edmund andros knt. by william henry whitmore
considerations on religion and public education by hannah more
etidorhpa or the end of earth. by john uri lloyd
darwin and after darwin (vol 3 of 3) by george john romanes
notes and queries vol. iv number 91 july 26 1851 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 62 january 6 1872 by various
the interdependence of literature by georgina pell curtis
the chronicle of jocelin of brakelond: a picture of monastic
notwithstanding by mary cholmondeley
life in an indian outpost by gordon casserly
cleopatra's needle by james king
the influence of the organ in history by dudley buck
judith shakespeare by william black
a history of the nations and empires involved and a study of the
england canada and the great war by louis-georges desjardins
the story of florence by edmund g. gardner
old wine and new by joseph cross
the world's best books by frank parsons
catalogue of books published by methuen and co. october 1909
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 60 no. 373 november 1846
white knight: tirant lo blanc by joanot martorell
the king's highway by g. p. r. james
the heritage of the kurts volume i (of 2) by bj?tjerne bj?on
the heritage of the kurts volume ii (of 2) by bj?tjerne bj?on
rocky mountain boys by st. george rathborne
the poetical works of robert bridges by robert bridges
mountain-laurel and maidenhair by louisa may alcott
carlyon sahib by gilbert murray
the jewel of seven stars by bram stoker
child verse by john b. tabb
rambles with john burroughs by robert john de loach
gentlemen rovers by e. alexander powell
martyria by augustus c. hamlin
the story of magellan and the discovery of the philippines
the cries of london by john thomas smith
sketch of the life of abraham lincoln by isacc newton arnold
chronicles of martin hewitt by arthur morrison
the woman who vowed by ellison harding
thirty years in australia by ada cambridge
daisy by miranda eliot swan
the open question by elizabeth robins
mother by maksim gorky
the danes sketched by themselves. vol. i (of 3) by various
the danes sketched by themselves. vol. ii (of 3) by various
authors and writers associated with morristown by julia keese colles
peter and polly in winter by rose lucia
the story of louie by oliver onions
my experiences in manipur and the naga hills by james johnstone
the south isles of aran by oliver j. burke
human all-too-human part ii by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
small horses in warfare by sir walter gilbey
the bront?amily vol. 1 of 2 by francis a. leyland
the bront?amily vol. 2 of 2 by francis a. leyland
a book of irish verse by william butler yeats
old english chronicles by various
in the reign of terror by g. a. henty
remarks on the practice and policy of lending bodleian
present irish questions by william o'connor morris
the determined angler and the brook trout by charles bradford
the haunted mine by harry castlemon
the call of the mountains by james e. pickering
recollections of geoffrey hamlyn by henry kingsley
poems - first series by j. c. squire
saul of tarsus by elizabeth miller
know the truth; a critique of the hamiltonian theory
studies in medi?l life and literature
a humble enterprise by ada cambridge
nature and art by elizabeth inchbald
ruysbroeck by evelyn underhill
the international monthly vol. ii no. i by various
alone with the hairy ainu by a. h. savage landor
teutonic mythology vol. 1 of 3 by viktor rydberg ph.d
goody two shoes by walter crane
life of oliver wendell holmes by e. e. brown
haydn by j. cuthbert hadden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 2 by various
mr. punch in the highlands by various
steve p. holcombe the converted gambler by rev. gross alexander
mexico aztec spanish and republican vol. 1 of 2 by brantz mayer
charlotte bront?by t. wemyss reid
incidents of travel in greece turkey russia and poland
preface to major barbara by george bernard shaw
the brothers' war by john calvin reed
bygone cumberland and westmorland by daniel scott
the recollections of alexis de tocqueville by alexis de tocqueville
oxford and her colleges by goldwin smith
villages of the algonquian siouan and caddoan tribes
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution by various
worldly ways and byways by eliot gregory
major barbara by george bernard shaw
profitable squab breeding by carl dare
the girl crusoes by mrs. herbert strang
international monthly volume 4 no. 4 november 1 1851 by various
the anglo-french entente in the seventeenth century
the whirligig of time by wayland wells williams
brave old salt by oliver optic
adeline mowbray by amelia alderson opie
the bobbsey twins on the deep blue sea by laura lee hope
the reign of law by james lane allen
homes of american statesmen by various
the motor girls at lookout beach by margaret penrose
the girls of central high at basketball by gertrude w. morrison
notes on the book of genesis by charles henry mackintosh
rocky mountain [colorado] national park
in accordance with the evidence by oliver onions
the south american republics part i of ii by thomas c. dawson
the bath road by charles g. (charles george) harper
the indians' last fight by dennis collins
the old debauchees. a comedy (1732) by henry fielding
a narrative of the life of david crockett of the state
'as gold in the furnace' by john e. copus
the boy volunteers with the french airman by kenneth ward
gas burners by owen merriman
fenn masterson's discovery by allen chapman
joseph ii and his court by l. muhlbach
the legendary and poetical remains of john roby by john roby
a wanderer in paris by e. v. lucas
chinese poems by various
liquid drops and globules by chas. r. darling
l. annaeus seneca on benefits by aubrey stewart
a tale of the kloster by brother jabez
the pike's peak rush by edwin l. sabin
southern spain by a. f. calvert
lippincott's magazine of popular literature and science
incidents of travel in greece turkey russia and poland
the beautiful white devil by guy boothby
scarlett of the mounted by marguerite merington
under the lilacs by louisa may alcott
the south american republics part ii (of 2) by thomas c. dawson
the adventures of chatterer the red squirrel by thornton w. burgess
italian letters of a diplomat's life by mary alsop king waddington
maid of the mist by john oxenham
the life and letters of mary wollstonecraft shelley volume i (of 2)
the life and letters of mary wollstonecraft shelley volume ii (of 2)
man and nature by george p. marsh
stones of the temple by walter field
natural history in anecdote by various
beaumarchais and the war of american independence
plays: lady frederick the explorer a man of honor
miss arnott's marriage by richard marsh
between the dark and the daylight by richard marsh
the nut culturist by andrew s. fuller
the marquis of pe?a (marta y mar? by armando palacio vald?
in the days of the comet by h. g. wells
sunshine jane by anne warner
diana tempest volume i (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
diana tempest volume ii (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
diana tempest volume iii (of 3) by mary cholmondeley
dot and tot of merryland by l. frank baum
under the shadow of etna by giovanni verga
reminiscences of captain gronow by captain rees howell gronow
may flowers by louisa may alcott
w. & r. chambers selected catalogue 1892 by various
ladies' guide to true politeness and perfect manners by eliza leslie
landholding in england by joseph fisher
the king of pirates by daniel defoe
climbing in the british isles. vol. 1 - england
the diamond fairy book by various
beethoven: a memoir (2nd ed.) by elliott graeme
the american reformed cattle doctor by george dadd
poems by arthur macy
the ethics by benedict de spinoza
bridge; its principles and rules of play by j. b. elwell
san-cravate; or the messengers; little streams
color key to north american birds by frank m. chapman
psyche by louis couperus
the heatherford fortune by mrs. georgie sheldon
memoir of john howe peyton by various
mated from the morgue by john augustus o'shea
the story of seville by walter m. gallichan
napoleon and blucher by louise muhlbach
the adventures of john jewitt by john rodgers jewitt
the epic of hades by lewis morris
animals of the past by frederic a. lucas
de re metallica by georgius agricola
schools school-books and schoolmasters by w. carew hazlitt
an oregon girl by alfred ernest rice
the widow lerouge by emile gaboriau
the transgression of andrew vane by guy wetmore carryl
nature and culture by harvey rice
memoirs of an american prima donna by clara louise kellogg
dwarf fruit trees by f. a. waugh
fables for children stories for children natural science stories
fridtjof nansen by jacob b. bull
the world masters by george griffith
three little women by gabrielle e. jackson
file no. 113 by emile gaboriau
game birds and game fishes of the pacific coast by harry thom payne
english and scottish ballads (volume 3 of 8) by various
fetichism in west africa by robert hamill nassau
pierre and jean by guy de maupassant
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 jan 27 1872 by various
the life of lyman trumbull by horace white
the ascent of the matterhorn by edward whymper
business english by rose buhlig
social value by b. m. anderson
mary queen of scots 1542-1587 by various
louisa may alcott by louisa may alcott
the vultures by henry seton merriman
the coo-ee reciter by various
a duel by richard marsh
abraham lincoln and the london punch by william shepard walsh
a modern cinderella by louisa may alcott
white fire by john oxenham
in mr. knox's country by e. oenone somerville and martin ross
the sun's babies by edith howes
aw-aw-tam indian nights by j. william lloyd
eight or nine wise words about letter-writing by lewis carroll
a select collection of valuable and curious arts
essays on modern novelists by william lyon phelps
the different forms of flowers on plants of the same species
an ambitious woman by edgar fawcett
our philadelphia by elizabeth robins pennell
siam by george b. bacon
robur the conqueror by jules verne
the inhabitants of the philippines by frederic h. sawyer
a mere chance vol. 1 of 3 by ada cambridge
a mere chance vol. 2 of 3 by ada cambridge
a mere chance vol. 3 of 3 by ada cambridge
the social evolution of the argentine republic by ernesto quesada
the boy ranchers of puget sound by harold bindloss
state trials vol. 2 (of 2) by various
the master of the world by jules verne
nurses' papers on tuberculosis by various
the letters of william james vol. ii by william james
the book of god by g. w. foote
the christian religion by robert g. ingersoll
letters to eugenia by paul henri thiry holbach
heretics and heresies by robert g. ingersoll
humboldt by robert g. ingersoll
aphorisms and reflections from the works of t. h. huxley
individuality by robert g. ingersoll
mistakes of moses by robert g. ingersoll
the man-eaters of tsavo and other east african adventures
ancient faiths and modern by thomas inman
thomas paine by robert g. ingersoll
critical examination of the life of st. paul by boulanger
trial of c. b. reynolds for blasphemy by robert g. ingersoll
english secularism by george jacob holyoake
shakespeare by robert g. ingersoll
the gods by robert g. ingersoll
further experiences of an irish r.m. by e. o. sommerville
lecture on artificial flight by wm. g. krueger
the star of gettysburg by joseph a. altsheler
aucassin & nicolette by eugene mason
english society by george du maurier
islam her moral and spiritual value by arthur glyn leonard
letters from rome on the council by johann joseph ignaz von d?nger
bridge axioms and laws by j. b. elwell
the automobile girls at palm beach by laura dent crane
from the oak to the olive by julia ward howe
memoirs of leonora christina by leonora christina ulfeldt
the lady of blossholme by h. rider haggard
a hundred and sixty books by washington authors by various
beyond by henry seward hubbard
etain the beloved and other poems by james henry cousins
the life of thomas wanless peasant by alexander johnstone wilson
stories of the badger state by reuben gold thwaites
socialism by john stuart mill
robert louis stevenson by e. blantyre simpson
john dewey's logical theory by delton thomas howard
the seven cardinal sins: envy and indolence by eug? sue
the mistress of bonaventure by harold bindloss
human all too human by friedrich nietzsche
mr. punch on the warpath by various
st. peter his name and his office by thomas w. allies
the geography of the region about devils lake and the dalles of
two burlesques of lord chesterfield's letters. by anonymous
rolling stones by o.henry
stars of the opera by mabel wagnalls
text books of art education book iv (of 7)
norway by beatrix jungman
a second coming by richard marsh
the witch of prague by f. marion crawford
a hero of romance by richard marsh
a master of deception by richard marsh
practical religion by john charles ryle
english book-illustration of to-day by rose esther dorothea sketchley
life gleanings by t. j. macon
from veldt camp fires by h.a. bryden
the heath hover mystery by bertram mitford
grit lawless by f.e. mills young
atlantic narratives by various
american indian as slaveholder and seccessionist by annie heloise abel
vidyapati bangiya padabali by vidyapati thakura
perils in the transvaal and zululand by h. c. adams
the passionate elopement by compton mackenzie
an account of the campaign in the west indies in the year
household education by harriet martineau
by reef and palm louis becke
an american at oxford by john corbin
a woman perfected by richard marsh
curious church customs by various
from the thames to the tiber by j. wardle
new method of horsemanship by f. baucher
fruits of philosophy by charles knowlton
the sailor by j. c. snaith
aviation engines by victor wilfred pag?
amusement only by richard marsh
a treatise on sheep: by ambrose blacklock
the euahlayi tribe a study of aboriginal life in australia
cornwall by sabine baring-gould
an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth
the outcaste by f. e. penny
eunice by margaret murray robertson
the twa miss dawsons by margaret murray robertson
frederica and her guardians by margaret robertson
kenneth mcalpine by gordon stables
edinburgh picturesque notes by robert louis stevenson
nathan the wise by gotthold ephraim lessing
not used
wild spain (espaa agreste) by abel chapman and walter j. buck
a trip to cuba by julia ward howe
the leaven in a great city by lillian william betts
a boy of the dominion by f. s. brereton
on the origin and metamorphoses of insects by sir john lubbock
the animal story book by various
the history of antiquity by max duncker
the roman and the teuton by charles kingsley
the mary frances cook book by jane earye fryer
balzac by frederick lawton
the quest of the 'golden hope' by percy f. westerman
history of mendelssohn's oratorio elijah by frederick george edwards
thoughts out of season part 2 by friedrich nietzsche
the rainbow after the thunder-storm by anonymous
captain june by alice hegan rice
thelma by marie corelli
the odes of anacreon by thomas moore
arguments before the committee on patents of the house of
calvinistic controversy by wilbur fisk
birds every child should know by neltje blanchan
hopalong cassidy by clarence e. mulford
the gentleman's model letter-writer by anonymous
shireen and her friends by gordon stables
paddy-the-next-best-thing by gertrude page
the old yellow book by anonymous
uncle's dream; and the permanent husband by fedor dostoyevsky
atlantic classics second series by henry c. merwin william beebe
heroes of science by m. m. pattison muir
pottery for artists craftsmen & teachers by george j. cox
pygmalion by george bernard shaw
the honour of savelli by sidney levett-yeats
oscar wilde by leonard cresswell ingleby
fairies i have met by maud margaret key stawell
description of the coasts of east africa and malabar by duarte barbosa
bart keene's hunting days by allen chapman
autumn glory by ren?azin
rise of the new west 1819-1829 by f. j. turner
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 jan 13 1872 by various
wild adventures in wild places by gordon stables
wild life in the land of the giants by gordon stables
guatemala the country of the future by charles m. pepper
my life in many states and in foreign lands by george francis train
memoirs of count carlo gozzi; volume the first by count carlo gozzi
international congress of arts and science volume i by various
aspects of modern opera by lawrence gilman
a history of the philippines by david p. barrows
the atlantic monthly volume 20 no. 120 october 1867 by various
is the bible indictable? by annie besant
ecclesiastical curiosities by various
are these things so? (1740) the great man's answer
the cruise of the snowbird by gordon stables
from squire to squatter by gordon stables
how john norton the trapper kept his christmas by w. h. h. murray
simon the jester by william j. locke
the herriges horror in philadelphia by anonymous
schopenhauer by thomas whittaker
the heart of denise and other tales by sidney levett-yeats
the protector by harold bindloss
our national defense: by george hebard maxwell
the sa'-zada tales by william alexander fraser
love among the chickens by p. g. wodehouse
a witch of the hills v. 1-2 by florence warden
a witch of the hills v. 2-2 by florence warden
the joy of captain ribot by armando palacio vald?
henrietta maria by henrietta haynes
wild adventures round the pole by gordon stables
the history of antiquity by max duncker
the hickory ridge boy scouts: under canvas by alan douglas
she stoops to conquer by oliver goldsmith
overruled by george bernard shaw
illustrated catalogue of cotton machinery by howard
ingersoll in canada by allen pringle
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 6 by various
endurance test by alan douglas
a galahad of the creeks; the widow lamport by sidney levett-yeats
great hike by alan douglas
a texas cow boy by chas. a. siringo
what will people say? by rupert hughes
the mansion by henry van dyke
storm-bound by alan douglas
artistic anatomy of animals by ?ouard cuyer
annals of the bodleian library oxford a.d. 1598-a.d. 1867
george cruikshank by w. h. chesson
by desert ways to baghdad by louisa jebb
australia felix by henry handel richardson
economy of the round dairy barn by wilber john fraser
the chevalier d'auriac by sidney levett-yeats
notes and queries vol. iv number 92 august 2 1851 by various
the happy warrior by a. s. m. hutchinson
bede's ecclesiastical history of england by bede
the history of sabatai sevi by john evelyn
the history of the post office by herbert joyce
the romance of industry and invention by robert cochrane
as told to the piccaninnies by katie langloh parker
the man with the book by john matthias weylland
fr?rique; vol. 1 by charles paul de kock
fr?rique; vol. 2 by charles paul de kock
the homilies of the anglo-saxon church by aelfric
notes and queries vol. iv number 93 august 9 1851 by various
south-african folk-tales by james a. honey
the lash by olin l. lyman
citt and bumpkin (1680) by sir roger l'estrange and b. j. rahn
harding of allenwood by harold bindloss
book collecting by john herbert slater
sunday-school success by amos r. wells
the millionaire baby by anna katharine green
the energy system of matter by james weir
where there is nothing by william butler yeats
correspondence of wagner and liszt vol. 1
notes and queries vol. iv number 94 august 16 1851 by various
a trip to california in 1853 by washington bailey
the ancient phonetic alphabet of yucatan by daniel g. brinton
elsie's widowhood by martha finley
the history of the inquisition of spain from the time
light and peace by carlo giuseppe quadrupani
by right of sword by arthur w. marchmont
peeps at postage stamps by stanley currie johnson
a little brother to the bear and other animal stories by william long
in pastures new by george ade
the philosophy of history vol. 1 of 2 by friedrich schlegel
knowledge is power: by charles knight
a knight on wheels by ian hay
journal of two campaigns of the fourth regiment of u.s. infantry
hospital sketches by louisa may alcott
the battle of the press by theophila carlile campbell
exempting the churches by james f. morton. jr
the character of the jew books by philanthropos
liberty in the nineteenth century by frederic may holland
abraham lincoln: was he a christian? by john b. remsburg
religion in the heavens by logan mitchell
the christ of paul by george reber
the character of a priest by philanthropos
an address to men of science by richard carlile
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 1
the supernatural claims of christianity tried by two
the botanical magazine vol. 9 by william curtis
memoirs of mrs. rebecca steward by t. g. steward
hawkins electrical guide no. 1 questions answers
notes and queries vol. iv number 95 august 23 1851 by various
library bookbinding by arthur low bailey
stanley's adventures in the wilds of africa by joel tyler headley
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 2
a dictionary of english synonymes and synonymous
the war upon religion by rev. francis a. cunningham
the fourth estate vol. 1 by armando palacio vald?
the fourth estate vol. 2 by armando palacio vald?
harper's new monthly magazine vol. iv no. 19 dec 1851 by various
the lost prince by frances hodgson burnett
the memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vol. 3
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 7 by various
a journey from prince of wales's fort in hudson's bay to the northern
notes and queries vol. iv number 96 august 30 1851 by various
in the yellow sea by henry frith
the captive in patagonia by benjamin franklin bourne
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 3 no. 15 august 1851 by various
memoirs of marguerite de valois queen of navarre vols. 1-3
the star-treader and other poems by clark ashton smith
froth by armando palacio vald?
the young and field literary readers book 2
the king of schnorrers by israel zangwill
gas-engines and producer-gas plants by r. e. mathot
english and scottish ballads volume iv by various
curiosities of history by william w. wheildon
from manassas to appomattox by james longstreet
out of mulberry street by jacob a. riis
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 1
tennyson and his friends by various
notes of a son and brother by henry james
the world as will and idea (vol. 1 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
through a microscope by samuel wells mary treat
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 2
the philosophy of b*rtr*nd r*ss*ll by various
the fijians by basil thomson
notes and queries vol. iv number 97 september 6 1851 by various
lincoln's use of the bible by samuel trevena jackson
the woman's part by l. k. yates
the melody of earth by various
curiosities of impecuniosity by h. g. somerville
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 3
croxley master: a great tale of the prize ring by arthur conan doyle
outlines of a philosophy of religion based on psychology
modern magic by maximilian schele de vere
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vol. 4
the river motor boat boys on the st. lawrence by harry gordon
lord chatham by archibald phillip primrose rosebery
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 8 by various
asce 1193: the water-works and sewerage of monterrey
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
alden's handy atlas of the world by john b. alden
the enemies of women by vicente blasco ib?z
memoirs of jean francois paul de gondi cardinal de retz vols. 1-4
checkmate by joseph sheridan le fanu
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
a selection from the works of frederick locker by frederick locker
tempting curry dishes by thomas j. murrey
natural and artificial duck culture by james rankin
the nibelungenlied by unknown
the life of benjamin franklin by samuel g. goodrich
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 1
lord john in new york by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
dick randall by ellery h. clark
loaded dice by ellery h. clark
the poems of philip freneau volume i (of iii) by philip freneau
narrative of the circumnavigation of the globe by the austrian
the freedmen's book by lydia maria child
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 2
scientific american vol. xxxix.--no. 24. [new series.]
scientific american vol. xxxvii.--no. 2. [new series.]
scientific american vol. xliii.--no. 1. [new series.]
abraham lincoln volume 1 (of 2) by william h. herndon
abraham lincoln volume 2 (of 2) by william h. herndon
ancient pagan and modern christian symbolism
rule of the monk by giuseppe garibaldi
folk-tales of bengal by lal behari day
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 3
and so they were married by florence morse kingsley
notes and queries vol. iv number 98 september 13 1851 by various
human personality and its survival of bodily death
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume i
nurse and spy in the union army by s. emma e. edmonds
the code of the mountains by charles neville buck
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 4
the great painters' gospel by henry turner bailey
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume ii
robin's rambles by may byron
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume iii
empires and emperors of russia china korea and japan by p?r vay
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 5
discipline by mary brunton
the sufistic quatrains of omar khayyam by omar khayyam
the lives of the iii normans kings of england: william the first
the unpopular review number 19 by various
the front yard by constance fenimore woolson
the memoirs of charles-lewis baron de pollnitz volume iv
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 6
poems of james russell lowell by james russell lowell
a drake by george! by john trevena
the noank's log by w. o. stoddard
the sylph volume i and ii by georgiana cavendish
hertzian wave wireless telegraphy by john ambrose fleming
first governess of the netherlands margaret of austria
the poems of philip freneau volume ii (of iii) by philip freneau
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vol. 7
the beckoning hand and other stories by grant allen
woman and artist by max o'rell
great musicians: rossini and his school by henry sutherland edwards
the great illusion by norman angell
a review of algebra by romeyn henry rivenburg
church and state as seen in the formation of christendom
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 2 of 4: e-m) by various
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 12 slice 1 by various
memoirs of madame la marquise de montespan vols. 1-7
a scout of to-day by isabel hornibrook
a century of sail and steam on the niagara river by barlow cumberland
life of luther by gustav just
the pilot's daughter by francis cunningham
the complete works of richard crashaw volume i (of 2)
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 1
the complete works of richard crashaw volume ii (of 2)
the crux by charlotte perkins gilman
select list of books ... relating to the far east
emmy lou's road to grace by george madden martin
the crisis of eighteen hundred and sixty-one in the
dorothy dale in the city by margaret penrose
historic waterways--six hundred miles of canoeing down the
granny's chapters by lady mary ross
the white crystals by howard r. garis
the story of assisi by lina duff gordon
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 2
bert wilson at the wheel by j. w. duffield
the white peacock by david herbert lawrence
the big book of nursery rhymes by various
happy hearts by june isle
cornish catches by bernard moore
the roman poets of the republic by w. y. sellar
eight cousins by louisa may alcott
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 3
when a cobbler ruled a king by augusta huiell seaman
hero tales and legends of the serbians by woislav m. petrovitch
love sonnets of an office boy by samuel ellsworth kiser
christina by l. g. moberly
notes and queries vol. iv number 99 september 20 1851 by various
strange stories by grant allen
the blue lights by arnold fredericks
recitations for the social circle by james clarence harvey
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency book 4
abraham lincoln's cardinal traits; by clark s. beardslee
heroes of science: physicists by william garnett
on the variation of species with especial reference
mr. punch's cockney humour by various
dealings with the dead volume i (of 2) by a sexton of the old school
legal lore by various
memoirs of louis xiv and the regency books 1-4
the story of anna kingsford and edward maitland and of
the life and writings of henry fuseli volume i (of 3) by john knowles
a woman of genius by mary austin
the history of the knights templars the temple church
poems by rainer maria rilke
the rise of the dutch kingdom by hendrik willem van loon
notable women authors of the day by helen c. black
martha by w. friedrich and friedrich von flotow
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 1
the world's sixteen crucified saviors by kersey graves
l'histoire des vaudois by j. bresse et al
the monk and the hangman's daughter by adolphe danziger de castro
the lost gold of the montezumas by william o. stoddard
sir thomas urquhart of cromartie knight by john willcock
poultry by hugh piper
a history of oregon 1792-1849 by william henry gray
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 2
city scenes by william darton
the life of saint bridget virgin and abbess by anonymous
cornwall by g. e. mitton
where love is there god is also by lyof n. tolstoi
the river motor boat boys on the mississippi by harry gordon
a terrible tomboy by angela brazil
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 3
brock centenary 1812-1912 by various
doctrine of the will by asa mahan
the story of charles strange vol. 1 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
the story of charles strange vol. 2 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
the story of charles strange vol. 3 (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
heimatlos by johanna spyri
queen victoria as i knew her by sir theodore martin
charles darwin: his life in an autobiographical chapter and in
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 4
the history of the ten lost tribes by david baron
the monarchs of the main volume i (of 3) by walter thornbury
the monarchs of the main volume ii (of 3) by walter thornbury
the monarchs of the main volume iii (of 3) by walter thornbury
montgomery the capital city of alabama by anonymous
delilah of the snows by harold bindloss
donahoe's magazine volume xv no. 3 by various
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 5
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
gleanings by the way by john a. clark
the eldest son by archibald marshall
the honour of the clintons by archibald marshall
julia ward howe by laura e. richards and maud howe elliott
early days in north queensland by edward palmer
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 6
rambles in dickens' land by robert allbut
such things are by mrs. inchbald
great opera stories by millicent schwab bender
principles of political economy vol. ii by william roscher
notes and queries vol. iv number 100 september 27 1851 by various
love among the lions by f. anstey
the harlot's progress by theophilus cibber and
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 7
a walk and a drive by thomas miller
affair at the semiramis hotel by alfred edward woodley mason
four corners of the world by alfred edward woodley mason
courtship of morrice buckler by alfred edward woodley mason
history of halifax city by thomas b. akins
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 8
for jacinta by harold bindloss
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 september 23 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 105 september 30th 1893
hoof and claw by charles g. d. roberts
the history of antiquity vol. i (of vi) by max duncker
green stockings by alfred edward woodley mason
miranda of the balcony by alfred edward woodley mason
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 9
the thirteenth by james j. walsh
practical basketry by anna a. gill
mr. punch's golf stories by various
parson kelly by alfred edward woodley mason and andrew lang
the truants by alfred edward woodley mason
zoological mythology volume i (of 2) by angelo de gubernatis
zoological mythology (volume ii) by angelo de gubernatis
the turnstile by alfred edward woodley mason
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 10
what shall we do? by leo tolstoy
the watchers by a. e. w. (alfred edward woodley) mason
donahoe's magazine vol. xv no. 4 april 1886 by various
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 3 of 4: n-r) by various
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 11
chambers's twentieth century dictionary (part 4 of 4: s-z
notes and queries vol. iv number 101 october 4 1851 by various
the maker of opportunities by george gibbs
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 12
istar of babylon by margaret horton potter
tragedy by ashley h. thorndike
old church lore by william andrews
carry on! by herbert strang
a singular metamorphosis by may evelyn skiles
slavery and the constitution by william ingersoll bowditch
lawrence clavering by alfred edward woodley mason
a romance of wastdale by alfred edward woodley mason
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 13
the roman empire in the light of prophecy by w. e. vine
a prairie courtship by harold bindloss
the dance of death by francis douce
index to kindergarten songs including singing games
a vindication of natural diet. by percy bysshe shelley
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 14
the moral instruction of children by felix adler
railroad accidents by r. c. richards
the old testament in the light of the historical records and
highways and byways in cambridge and ely by edward conybeare
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vol. 15
the history of louisville from the earliest settlement
the isle of palms by john wilson
the corner house girls under canvas by grace brooks hill
the corner house girls by grace brooks hill
the little gleaner vol. x. by various
the unpublishable memoirs by a. s. w. rosenbach
thrice armed by harold bindloss
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 29 of 55 by various
our house by elizabeth robins pennell
the memoirs of louis xiv his court and the regency vols. 1-15
current history: a monthly magazine of the new york times
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 november 1864 by various
story of a doctor's telephone--told by his wife by ellen m. firebaugh
running sands by reginald wright kauffman
genevi? by alphonse karr
new old and forgotten remedies: papers by many writers by various
story of the airplane by c. b. galbreath
next door neighbours by elizabeth inchbald
the man with the pan pipes by mrs. mary louisa molesworth
how we are fed by james franklin chamberlain
witch warlock and magician by william henry davenport adams
a roving commission by g. a. henty
songs of the mexican seas by joaquin miller
spanish highways and byways by katharine lee bates
south africa and the transvaal war vol. iv (of 6) by louis creswicke
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 2
the aboriginal population of the san joaquin valley
the little princess of tower hill by l. t. meade
notes and queries vol. iv number 102 october 11 1851 by various
oregon and eldorado by thomas bulfinch
the first easter by j. h. willard
translations from the german (vol 3 of 3) by thomas carlyle
a russian gentleman by sergei timofeevich aksakov
inventors by philip gengembre hubert
travels in the interior of north america part i
secret societies of the middle ages by thomas keightley
punch or the london charivari vol. 62 feb 3 1872 by various
harper's new monthly magazine vol iii no 13 1851 by various
antigua and the antiguans volume i (of 2) by anonymous
antigua and the antiguans volume ii (of 2) by anonymous
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 4
england by frank fox
for the major by constance fenimore woolson
south america and the war by f. a. kirkpatrick
punch or the london charivari vol. 146 march 4th 1914 by various
with drake on the spanish main by herbert strang
second string by anthony hope
the monctons by susanna moodie
the crossing by winston churchill
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 5
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 1 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 2 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 3 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 4 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 5 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 6 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 7 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 8 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 9 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 10 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 11 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll vol. 12 (of 12) by robert g. ingersoll
works of robert g. ingersoll complete contents by robert g. ingersoll
the irish penny journal no. 1 vol. 1 july 4 1840 by various
miss ellis's mission by mary p. wells smith
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vol. 7
the strand magazine vol. 27 no. 161 may 1904 by various
a ten year war by jacob a. riis
the genius of scotland by robert turnbull
clayton's quaker cook-book by h. j. clayton
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 14 1916 by various
letters of a diplomat's wife by mary king waddington
bolanyo by opie percival read
journeys in persia and kurdistan volume i (of 2) by isabella l. bird
journeys in persia and kurdistan volume ii (of 2) by isabella l. bird
garden-craft old and new by john d. sedding
the memoirs of louis xv and xvi vols. 1-7
unfettered by sutton e. griggs
the barb and the bridle by vielle moustache
a life's secret by mrs. henry wood
the lucky piece by albert bigelow paine
norman's new orleans and environs by b. m. norman
tales from the 'phantasus' etc. of ludwig tieck by ludwig tieck
a little book of old time verse by various
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 1
the aventures of buffalo bill by col. william f. cody
the commercial restraints of ireland by john hely hutchinson
egypt of the hebrews and herodotos by archibald henry sayce
princess belle-etoile by walter crane
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 2
the rogues and vagabonds of shakespeare's youth
the curse of koshiu by lewis wingfield
the maid of honour (vol. 3 of 3) by lewis wingfield
the iron furnace by john h. aughey
goblins and pagodas by john gould fletcher
irradiations; sand and spray by john gould fletcher
pictures of canadian life by j. ewing ritchie
civil war experiences 1862-1865 by edward mott robbins
comrade yetta by albert edwards
my lords of strogue vol. i (of iii) by lewis wingfield
my lords of strogue vol. ii (of iii) by lewis wingfield
my lords of strogue vol. iii (of iii) by lewis wingfield
notes and queries vol. iv number 103 october 18 1851 by various
the maid of honour vol. 1 (of 3) by lewis wingfield
the evolution of photography by john werge
from the lakes of killarney to the golden horn by henry m. field
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 4
west african studies by mary henrietta kingsley
chippinge borough by stanley j. weyman
a little wizard by stanley j. weyman
the gentle reader by samuel mcchord crothers
browning and his century by helen archibald clarke
the maid of honour volume 2 (of 3) by lewis wingfield
villainage in england by paul vinogradoff
poems by w. b. yeats
the seven periods of english architecture by edmund sharpe
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 5
the land of song book ii by various
in kali's country by emily churchill thompson sheets
the wild flowers of california: their names haunts and
how to write a novel by annonymous
out of a labyrinth by lawrence l. lynch
literary shrines by theodore f. wolfe
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vol. 6
a literary pilgrimage among the haunts of famous british authors
the cruise of the 'alerte' by e. f. knight
vagaries by axel munthe
the hollow tree snowed-in book by albert bigelow paine
baseball joe on the school nine by lester chadwick
poems & parodies by t. m. kettle
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 21st 1916 by various
the great god pan by arthur machen
twelfth night by william shakspeare and j. p. kemble
buzz a buzz by wilhelm busch
the business of mining by arthur j. hoskin
our flowering shrubs by anonymous
england in the days of old by william andrews
ex-president john quincy adams in pittsburgh by wilson mccandless
transcendentalism in new england by octavius brooks frothingham
andromache by gilbert murray
memoirs of marie antoinette queen of france vols. 1-7
the abbess of vlaye by stanley j. weyman
for the cause by stanley j. weyman
the trial of oscar wilde by anonymous
life and writings of maurice maeterlinck by jethro bithell
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 1 by lewis goldsmith
pine needles by susan bogert warner
modern painters. vol. iii (of v) by john ruskin
notes and queries vol. iv number 104 october 25 1851 by various
the mountainy singer by seosamh maccathmhaoil
meteorology by j. g. m'pherson
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 2 by lewis goldsmith
the perjur'd husband by susanna centlivre
by canadian streams by lawrence j. burpee
the camp fire girls' larks and pranks by hildegard g. frey
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 19 1887 by various
through east anglia in a motor car by james edmund vincent
the little colonel at boarding-school by annie fellows johnston
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 3 by lewis goldsmith
last words of distinguished men and women by frederic rowland marvin
nooks and corners of the new england coast by samuel adams drake
the oregon territory by travers twiss
science and medieval thought by sir thomas clifford allbutt
punch or the london charivari vol. 150 june 28th 1916 by various
canute the great by laurence marcellus larson
bib-li-op-e-gis-tic (pertaining to the art of binding
four years a scout and spy by e. c. downs
charles auchester volume 1 of 2 by elizabeth sheppard
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 4 by lewis goldsmith
fletcher of madeley by frederic w. macdonald
the curiosities of heraldry by mark antony lower
harper's new monthly magazine vol iv. no. xx. january 1852
british manufacturing industries by l. arnoux
eye spy by william hamilton gibson
argentine ornithology volume i (of 2) by p. l. sclater
argentine ornithology volume ii (of 2) by p. l. sclater
cardigan by robert w. chambers
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 5 by lewis goldsmith
the traditional text of the holy gospels by john william burgon
narrative of the surveying voyages of his majesty's
vocational psychology: its problems and methods by harry
the manifestation of the miraculous medal by anonymous
history of painting in italy vol. iv (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
first at the north pole by edward stratemeyer
ralph the train dispatcher by allen chapman
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 6 by lewis goldsmith
phil bradley's snow-shoe trail by silas k. boone
lace its origin and history by samuel l. goldenberg
necklace of princess fiorimonde and other stories by mary de morgan
wings and the child by edith nesbit
mildred's new daughter by martha finley
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vol. 7 by lewis goldsmith
the chase of the golden plate by jacques futrelle
colour measurement and mixture by w. de w. abney
my lady rotha by stanley j. weyman
laid up in lavender by stanley j. weyman
memoirs of the court of st. cloud vols. 1-7 by lewis goldsmith
black tales for white children by c. h. stigand
the iron boys as foremen by james r. mears
the sheep and lamb by thomas miller
paris and the parisians in 1835 (vol. 1 of 2)
solomon by constance fenimore woolson
mellifont abbey co. louth by anonymous
a lute of jade by l. cranmer-byng
women painters of the world by walter shaw sparrow
social transformations of the victorian age
herbert spencer by j. arthur thomson
money by john p. jones
american gentleman's guide to politeness and fashion by henry lunettes
the history of antiquity vol. ii (of vi) by max duncker
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 1
an historical view of the philippine islands vol i (of 2)
disease in plants by h. marshall ward
famous american statesmen by sarah knowles bolton
north-pole voyages by zachariah atwell mudge
outline studies in the old testament for bible teachers
ophiolatreia by anonymous
mr. marx's secret by e. phillips oppenheim
long odds by harold bindloss
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 2
the future belongs to the people by karl liebknecht
ladies in the field by various
our journey to the hebrides joseph pennell and
an historical view of the philippine islands vol ii (of 2)
servian popular poetry by john bowring
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 3
influence and development of english gilds by francis aiden hibbert
songs ysame by annie fellows johnston and albion fellows bacon
an introduction to machine drawing and design by david allan low
essays in pastoral medicine by austin ?alley and james j. walsh
life without and life within by margaret fuller
one dialogue or colloquye of erasmus (entituled diuersoria)
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 4
manners and rules of good society by anonymous
advice to the people in general with regard to their health
mr punch's model music hall songs and dramas by f. anstey
nurse heatherdale's story by mary louisa molesworth
the slaves of the padishah by m??
old-time gardens by alice morse earle
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 5
ralph of the roundhouse by allen chapman
ralph in the switch tower by allen chapman
ecce homo! by paul henry thiry baron d' holbach
electric bells and all about them by s. r. bottone
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume 30 of 55
the trial of henry hetherington by henry hetherington
bruce of the circle a by harold titus
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 6
wild oats by john o'keeffe
samba by herbert strang
hegel's philosophy of mind by georg wilhelm friedrich hegel
the five great philosophies of life by william de witt hyde
the white blackbird by hudson douglas
horace chase by constance fenimore woolson
historic shrines of america by john thomson faris
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 7
the sun changes its position in space by august tischner
the a.e.f. by heywood broun
curiosities of medical experience by john gideon millingen
notes and queries vol. iv number 105 november 1 1851 by various
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 3 1887 by various
noble deeds of american women by jesse clement
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 8
my mother's gold ring founded on fact by lucius sargent
the dorrance domain by carolyn wells
a desperate voyage by edward frederick knight
the iron boys in the mines by james r. mears
william hickling prescott by harry thurston peck
on the supply of printed books from the library to the reading
descriptive catalogue of photographs of north american
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 9
travelers five along life's highway by annie fellows johnston
notes and queries vol. iv number 106 november 8 1851 by various
the conflict of religions in the early roman empire by t. r. glover
life of beethoven by anton schindler
two boy gold miners by frank v. webster
monopolies and the people by d. c. cloud
woven with the ship by cyrus townsend brady
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 july 1865 by various
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 10
naples past and present by arthur h. norway
the auto boys' quest by james a braden
sketches of reforms and reformers of great britain and
wise saws and modern instances volume ii (of 2) by thomas cooper
creation myths of primitive america by jeremiah curtin
true tales of arctic heroism in the new world by adolphus w. greely
the gold diggings of cape horn by john r. spears
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 11
phil may's gutter-snipes by phil may
miser farebrother volume i (of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
the blessed hope by edward hoare
doesticks what he says by q. k. philander doesticks
geoffery gambado by william henry bunbury
unicorns by james huneker
the christian creed; or what it is blasphemy to deny by annie besant
satires and profanities by james thomson and g. w. foote
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vol. 12
salvation syrup; or light on darkest england by g. w. foote
bacon and shakspere by william henry burr
life and character of richard carlile by george jacob holyoake
voltaire: a sketch of his life and works
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 6 by various
kensington rhymes by compton mackenzie
the optimist's good morning by florence hobart perin
the confessions of jean jacques rousseau vols. 1-12
dr. grenfell's parish by norman duncan
the book of the little past by josephine preston peabody
mathieu ropars: et cetera by william young
the dramas of victor hugo by victor hugo
the million dollar mystery by harold macgrath
notes and queries vol. iv number 107 november 15 1851 by various
shrewsbury by stanley j. weyman
starvecrow farm by stanley j. weyman
a letter to the right hon. lord bexley by francis cunningham
serge panine vol. 1 by georges ohnet
the making of a saint by william somerset maugham
the devourers by annie vivanti chartres
ciphers for the little folks by dorothy crain
serge panine vol. 2 by georges ohnet
a hero of li? by herbert strang
swift and sure by herbert strang
a biographical sketch of some of the most eminent individuals
special method in the reading of complete english classics
a review of the systems of ethics founded on the theory
a system of practical medicine by american authors vol. i by various
the first seven divisions by ernest w. hamilton
sky island by l. frank baum
serge panine vol. 3 by georges ohnet
mr. punch in the hunting field by various
kipps by h. g. wells
the war tiger by wiliam dalton
the white terror and the red by abraham cahan
fairies afield by mary louisa molesworth
sophia by stanley j. weyman
pictures and stories by unknown
serge panine vol. 4 by georges ohnet
dorothy and other italian stories by constance fenimore woolson
a safety match by ian hay
delusion or the witch of new england by eliza buckminster lee
der tag by j. m. barrie
pencillings by the way by n. parker willis
serge panine vols. 1-4 by georges ohnet
ti-ping tien-kwoh by augustus f. lindley
across the cameroons by charles gilson
?op's fables by ?op
guide to west point and the u.s. military academy by various
the red lily vol. 1 by anatole france
harper's new monthly magazine vol. 1. no 1 june 1850 by various
it may be true vol. ii (of iii) by mrs. wood
it may be true vol. iii (of iii) by mrs. wood
fickle fortune by elisabeth burstenbinder
legends of gods and ghosts (hawaiian mythology)
the expositor's bible: ephesians by g. g. findlay
notes and queries vol. iv number 108 november 22 1851 by various
random rhymes and rambles by william wright
the fortunate isles by mary stuart boyd
jerusalem delivered by torquato tasso
the red lily vol. 2 by anatole france
the english novel by sidney lanier
correspondance diplomatique de bertrand de salignac
ever heard this? by f. w. chambers
an edinburgh eleven by j. m. barrie
the lincoln year book by abraham lincoln
sheep swine and poultry by robert jennings
insect stories by vernon l. kellogg
tales for fifteen by james fenimore cooper
the red lily vol. 3 by anatole france
the ice queen by ernest ingersoll
there is no death by florence marryatt
when love calls by stanley j. weyman
the new rector by stanley j. weyman
the snowball by stanley j. weyman
the king's stratagem and other stories by stanley j. weyman
health happiness and longevity by louis philippe mccarty
the red lily vols. 1-3 by anatole france
flags: by andrew macgeorge
modern machine-shop practice volumes i and ii by joshua rose
irish ecclesiastical record volume 1 may 1865 by various
a source book of medi?l history by frederic austin ogg
woodbine-arbor; or the little gardeners by anonymous
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 1 by gustave droz
joel: a boy of galilee by annie fellows johnston
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 5 by various
notes and queries vol. iv number 109 november 29 1851 by various
the portsmouth road and its tributaries by charles g. harper
a manual of toy dogs by mrs. leslie williams
in the saddle by various
the conquest by oscar micheaux
the homesteader by oscar micheaux
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 2 by gustave droz
six one-act plays by margaret scott oliver
patroclus and penelope by theodore ayrault dodge
quodlibet by john p. kennedy
heroic spain by elizabeth boyle o'reilly
beaumont & fletcher's works vol. 3 of 10: the loyal subject
monsieur madame and bebe vol. 3 by gustave droz
the near east by robert hichens
the conspiracy of pontiac and the indian war after the
socialism: utopian and scientific by frederick engels
fredericksburg and its many points of interest by r. a. kishpaugh
was the beginning day of the maya month numbered zero (or
monsieur madame and bebe vols. 1-3 by gustave droz
the story of the great fire in st. john n.b. june 20th 1877
astronomical curiosities by j. ellard gore
the grotesque in church art by t. tindall wildridge
english painters by harry john wilmot-buxton
theological essays by charles bradlaugh
the power of the popes by pierre claude fran?s daunou
the eliminator; or skeleton keys to sacerdotal secrets
winterslow by william hazlitt
prince zilah vol. 1 by jules claretie
the life and opinions of tristram shandy gentleman by laurence sterne
edward hoare m.a. by edward hoare
the inventions researches and writings of nikola tesla
history of european morals from augustus to charlemagne
baron bruno by louisa morgan
directions for collecting and preserving insects by c. v. riley
the portland sketch book by various
mysterious psychic forces by camille flammarion
prince zilah vol. 2 by jules claretie
chicago's awful theater horror by various
dictionary of english proverbs and proverbial phrases
the adopted son by j. h. willard
letters to the clergy by john ruskin
curiosities of puritan nomenclature by charles w. bardsley
william shakespere of stratford-on-avon by scott surtees
colour as a means of art by frank howard
the making of the new testament by benjamin w. bacon
prince zilah vol. 3 by jules claretie
rome turkey and jerusalem by edward hoare
boy labour and apprenticeship by reginald arthur bray
a greek primer by wallace stearns
gentlemen's book of etiquette and manual of politeness
the man in black by stanley j. weyman
the story of francis cludde by stanley j. weyman
the red cockade by stanley j. weyman
modern leaders: being a series of biographical sketches
the blue lagoon a romance by h. de vere stacpoole
prince zilah vols. 1-3 by jules claretie
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. i (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. ii (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. iii (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. iv (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. v (of vi)
the memoirs of jacques casanova de seingalt vol. vi(of vi)
rome turkey and jerusalem by edward hoare
walks in rome by augustus j. c. hare
zibeline vol. 1 by phillipe de massa
on the age of maya ruins by charles p. bowditch
rome and turkey in connexion with the second advent by edward hoare
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 nov. 11 1887 by various
the loyalists of massachusetts by james h. stark
practical bookbinding by paul adam
zibeline vol. 2 by phillipe de massa
old flies in new dresses by charles edward walker
australian pictures by howard willoughby
the literary sense by e. nesbit
the history of margaret catchpole by richard cobbold
illustrated catalogue of locomotives by matthew baird
zibeline vol. 3 by phillipe de massa
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 october 7 1893 by various
curiosities of human nature by anonymous
blazing the way by emily inez denny
histoire de france 1573-1598 (volume 12/19) by jules michelet
notes and queries vol. iv number 110 december 6 1851 by various
superwomen by albert payson terhune
zibeline vols. 1-3 by phillipe de massa
the suprising adventures of sir toady lion with those of
the sea by frederick whymper
the sea by frederick whymper
the sea by frederick whymper
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
mitchelhurst place vol. i (of 2) by margaret veley
baltimore and the nineteenth of april 1861 by george william brown
caricature and other comic art by james parton
the siege of mafeking (1900) by j. angus hamilton
a woodland queen vol. 1 by andre theuriet
punch or the london charivari october 21st 1893 by various
texas honey plants by c. e. sanborn and e. e. scholl
a winter nosegay by walter crane
mabel vol. iii (of 3) by emma newby
a woodland queen vol. 2 by andre theuriet
old new zealand by a pakeha maori
punch or the london charivari october 28th 1893 by various
observations d'un sourd et mu?sur un cours ?mentaire
the tree of knowledge by mrs. baillie reynolds
the catholic world; volume i issues 1-6 by e. rameur
the second war with england vol. 1 of 2 by joel tyler headley
the second war with england vol. 2 of 2 by joel tyler headley
a woodland queen vol. 3 by andre theuriet
recollections of windsor prison; by john reynolds
a legacy to the friends of free discussion by benjamin offen
lord kelvin by andrew gray
the curse of carne's hold by g. a. henty
christmas tree land by mary louisa molesworth
the gipsy (vols i & ii) by george payne rainsford james
mildred arkell volume ii (of 3) by mrs. henry wood
collins' illustrated guide to london and neighbourhood by anonymous
a woodland queen vols. 1-3 by andre theuriet
famous european artists by sarah k. bolton
punch or the london charivari november 4th 1893 by various
mademoiselle blanche by john david barry
letters of felix mendelssohn bartholdy from italy and
the jester's sword by annie fellows johnston
submarine u93 by charles gilson
the columbia river by william denison lyman
child of a century vol. 1 by alfred de musset
notes and queries vol. iv number 111 december 13 1851 by various
the expositor's bible: the first book of samuel by w. g. blaikie
the expositor's bible: the book of genesis by marcus dods
one of cleopatra's nights and other fantastic romances
a system of easy lettering by j. howard cromwell
child of a century vol. 2 by alfred de musset
the frontiersmen by gustave aimard
kentucky in american letters v. 1 of 2 by john wilson townsend
kentucky in american letters v. 2 of 2 by john wilson townsend
the grateful dead by gordon hall gerould
child of a century vol. 3 by alfred de musset
henry of guise; (vol. i of 3) by george payne rainsford james
henry of guise; (vol. ii of 3) by george payne rainsford james
henry of guise; (vol. iii of 3) by george payne rainsford james
the masculine cross by anonymous
loss of the steamship 'titanic' by british government
gainsborough by max rothschild
a gamble with life by silas k. hocking
child of a century complete by alfred de musset
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 november 11 1893 by various
the manual of the botany of the northern united states by asa gray
punch or the london charivari volume 105 november 18 1893
the mysterious wanderer vol. iii by sophia reeve
rupert prince palatine by eva scott
annouchka by ivan sergheievitch turgenef
monsieur de camors vol. 1 by octave feuillet
frank merriwell's backers by burt l. standish
vistas of new york by brander matthews
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 december 10 1887 by various
notes and queries vol. iv number 112 december 20 1851 by various
hymns from the german by various
monsieur de camors vol. 2 by octave feuillet
sacred hymns from the german by various
a study of the bhagavata purana by veda vyasa
mrs. balfame by gertrude franklin horn atherton
hoyle's games modernized by louis hoffmann
shelburne essays third series by paul elmer more
twelve years of a soldier's life in india by w. s. r. hodson
monsieur de camors vol. 3 by octave feuillet
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages by henry charles lea
the pilgrim's progress by john bunyan by john bunyan
ahead of the show by fred thorpe
is life worth living without immortality? by m. m. mangasarian
the clammer and the submarine by william john hopkins
my mission to london 1912-1914 by prince lichnowsky
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages; volume ii
the contemporary review volume 36 october 1879 by various
monsieur de camors vols. 1-3 by octave feuillet
i've been thinking by azel stevens roe
behind the veil in persia and turkish arabia
eleven years in the rocky mountains and life on the frontier
reading the weather by thomas morris longstreth
cinq mars vol. 1 by alfred de vigny
the march to magdala by g. a. henty
zoological illustrations volume i by william swainson
the young sharpshooter at antietam by everett t. tomlinson
from egypt to japan by henry m. field
night fall in the ti-tree by geraldine rede and violet teague
zoological illustrations volume iii by william swainson
the levellers by anonymous
the independence day horror at killsbury by asenath carver coolidge
cinq mars vol. 2 by alfred de vigny
mushroom town by oliver onions
farm boys and girls by william arch mckeever
daddy's bedtime bird stories by mary graham bonner
ghosts and family legends by catherine crowe
sidelights on chinese life by j. macgowan
against war by erasmus
with beatty off jutland by percy f. westerman
cinq mars vol. 3 by alfred de vigny
a lad of grit by percy f. westerman
our first half-century by government of queensland
poems on travel by various
a breeze from the woods 2nd ed. by william chauncey bartlett
moores fables for the female sex by edward moore
cinq mars vol. 4 by alfred de vigny
beauties and antiquities of ireland by t. o. russell
ladies on horseback by nannie lambert
copyright: its history and its law by richard rogers bowker
notes and queries vol. iv number 113 december 27 1851 by various
punch or the london charivari november 25 1893 by various
punch or the london charivari december 2 1893 by various
popular scientific lectures by ernst mach
the black man the father of civilization by james morris webb
cinq mars vol. 5 by alfred de vigny
the doctor in history literature folk-lore etc. by william andrews
mrs. thompson by william babington maxwell
a captain of industry by upton sinclair
the contemporary review volume 36 november 1879 by various
the little washingtons' travels by lillian elizabeth roy
agincourt by george payne rainsford james
cinq mars vol. 6 by alfred de vigny
huguenot: (volumes i-iii) by george payne rainsford james
the rulers of the mediterranean by richard harding davis
the life of mohammad by etienne dinet and sliman ben ibrahim
aspects of modern oxford by a. d. godley
pioneers of evolution from thales to huxley by edward clodd
the early life and adventures of sylvia scarlett by compton mackenzie
cinq mars complete by alfred de vigny
the smuggler: (vol's i-iii) by george payne rainsford james
curious epitaphs by various
history of european morals from augustus to charlemagne
a soldier's son by maude m. butler
the cambrian sketch-book by r. rice davies
the revolutionary movement of 1848-9 in italy austria-hungary
the alps by martin conway
a holiday in bed and other sketches by j. m. barrie
the incendiary by william augustine leahy
wit and humor of the bible by marion d. shutter
the forged note by oscar micheaux
the carved lions by mrs. molesworth
l'abbe constantin vol. 2 by ludovic halevy
ethics by john dewey and james hayden tufts
mortomley's estate vol. ii (of 3) by charlotte elizabeth
the house that grew by mrs. molesworth
guy and pauline by compton mackenzie
mrs. tree's will by laura elizabeth howe richards
two chancellors by julian klaczko
l'abbe constantin vol. 3 by ludovic halevy
fairy circles by unknown
the broncho rider boys along the border by frank fowler
curiosities of heat by lyman b. tefft
two little waifs by mrs. molesworth
william jay and the constitutional movement for the
the adhesive postage stamp by patrick chalmers
l'abbe constantin complete by ludovic halevy
polly's first year at boarding school by dorothy whitehill
nicolo paganini: his life and work by stephen samuel stratton
the broncho rider boys with the texas rangers by frank fowler
the broncho rider boys on the wyoming trail by frank fowler
a romance of youth vol. 1 by francois coppee
a history of the inquisition of the middle ages; volume iii
the rival pitchers by lester chadwick
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 14th 1894 by various
prison life in andersonville by john l. maile
california mexican-spanish cook book by bertha haffner-ginger
the graftons by archibald marshall
the human slaughter-house by wilhelm lamszus
a romance of youth vol. 2 by francois coppee
some account of llangollen and its vicinity by w. t. simpson
keeping tryst by annie fellows johnston
princess mary's gift book by various
aunt 'liza's hero and other stories by annie fellows johnston
the little colonel's knight comes riding by annie fellows johnston
georgina of the rainbows by annie fellows johnston
british quarterly review american edition vol. liii by various
asa holmes by annie fellows johnston
the little colonel in arizona by annie fellows johnston
the lady or the tiger? by frank r. stockton
a romance of youth vol. 3 by francois coppee
the industrial arts in spain by juan f. ria?
the public life of queen victoria by john mcgilchrist
burlesques by h. m. bateman
hand-book for horsewomen by h. l. de bussigny
ande trembath by matthew stanley kemp
the american indians by henry r. schoolcraft
the magic of the middle ages by viktor rydberg
a romance of youth vol. 4 by francois coppee
riding for ladies by w. a. kerr
mortomley's estate vol. i (of 3)
the life of a conspirator by thomas longueville
ardours and endurances by robert malise bowyer nichols
life and adventures of bruce the african traveller by francis head
in the hands of the malays and other stories by george alfred henty
curiosities of the american stage by laurence hutton
a romance of youth complete by francois coppee
constantinople painted by warwick goble by alexander van millingen
the jenolan caves by samuel cook
history of llangollen and its vicinity by w. t. simpson
an alphabet of history by wilbur d. nesbit
english and scottish ballads volume v (of 8) by unknown
the expositor's bible: the pastoral epistles by alfred plummer
irma in italy by helen leah reed
cosmopolis vol. 1 by paul bourget
recollections of abraham lincoln 1847-1865 by ward hill lamon
the runaways by nat gould
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 13 slice 1 by various
sketches of successful new hampshire men by various
the tribute by philo
picturesque world's fair vol. i no. 1 feb. 10 1894 by anonymous
cosmopolis vol. 2 by paul bourget
literary fables of yriarte by tomas de iriarte
georgina's service stars by annie fellows johnston
kashmir by sir francis edward younghusband
the bungalow boys along the yukon by dexter j. forrester
whilomville stories by stephen crane
highlife in new york: a series of letters to mr. zephariah slick
shaggycoat by clarence hawkes
character and conduct by various
switzerland by frank fox
vayenne by percy brebner
historical materialism and the economics of karl marx
history of england from the fall of wolsey to the death
the square book of animals by william nicholson and arthur waugh
through the outlooking glass by simeon strunsky
ethnology of the ungava district hudson bay territory
cosmopolis vol. 4 by paul bourget
mortomley's estate vol. iii (of 3)
the magic nuts by mrs. molesworth
home occupations for boys and girls by bertha johnston
the hansa towns by helen zimmern
when it was dark by guy thorne
at start and finish by william lindsey
cosmopolis vols. 1-4 by paul bourget
the idiot by frederick bateman
handel by romain rolland
how to make an index by henry b. wheatley
a year in a lancashire garden by henry arthur bright
buffalo land by w. e. webb
dealings with the dead by a sexton of the old school
blackwood's edinburgh magazine vol. 64 no. 396 october 1848
a classified catalogue of works in general literature
jacqueline vol. 1 by marie-therese blanc
a commonplace book of thoughts memories and fancies by anna jameson
the corner of harley street by henry bashford
the idiot at home by john kendrick bangs
memoranda on the maya calendars used in the books of chilan
albania by e. f. knight
nooks and corners of old england by allan fea
north american stone implements by charles rau
the balkan peninsula by frank fox
satan sanderson by hallie erminie rives
jacqueline vol. 2 by marie-therese blanc
mildred arkell (vol 1 of 3) by ellen wood
mildred arkell (vol 3 of 3) by ellen wood
the story of switzerland by lina hug and richard stead
odd bits of history by henry w. wolff
the impostor by harold bindloss
l'allegro il penseroso comus and lycidas by john milton
jacqueline vol. 3 by marie-therese blanc
heroines of the crusades by c. a. bloss
the philosophy of mathematics by auguste comte
the lady of the forest by l. t. meade
mother west wind's animal friends by thornton w. burgess
mr. punch's life in london by various
the mortal gods and other plays by olive tilford dargan
mariposilla by mary stewart daggett
jacqueline vols. 1-3 by marie-therese blanc
paris and the parisians in 1835 (vol. 2 of 2) by frances trollope
constitutional history of england vol 1 of 3 by henry hallam
goblin tales of lancashire by james bowker
the foundations of science by henri poincar?
the argentine as a market by n. l. watson
little masterpieces by nathaniel hawthorne
the ink-stain vol. 1 by rene bazin
the abolition crusade and its consequences by hilary abner herbert
popular technology vol. i (of 2) by edward hazen
the world before the deluge by louis figuier
the imitator by percival pollard
william morris by elizabeth luther cary
the rolliad in two parts by george ellis french laurence
judges and ruth by robert a. watson
in far bolivia by gordon stables
courage true hearts by gordon stables
the ink-stain vol. 2 by rene bazin
the girl who had nothing by mrs. c. n. williamson
the marriage of esther by guy boothby
budd boyd's triumph by william pendleton chipman
cooley's cyclop?a of practical receipts and collateral
the life of philip melanchthon by karl friedrich ledderhose
ti-ping tien-kwoh by lin-le
the ink-stain vol. 3 by rene bazin
oriental rugs by walter a. hawley
in my nursery by laura e. richards
half a man by mary white ovington and franz boas
american football by walter camp
arne: early tales and sketches by bjornstjerne bjornson
folle-farine by ouida
the works of george berkeley vol. 1 (of 4) by george berkeley
a manual of ancient history by arnold hermann ludwig heeren
four winds farm by mrs. molesworth
principles of decorative design by christopher dresser
the ink-stain vols. 1-3 by rene bazin
to your dog and to my dog by lincoln newton kinnicutt
being well-born by michael f. guyer
fairy legends and traditions of the south of ireland
the misfit christmas puddings by club consolation
franz liszt by james huneker
the story of peter pan by daniel stephen o'connor
half-hours with jimmieboy by john kendrick bangs
matilda montgomerie by major john richardson
wilson's tales of the borders and of scotland volume 18
fromont and risler vol. 1 by alphonse daudet
saddle and mocassin by francis francis jr
english and scottish ballads volume vi (of 8) by various
the book of isaiah volume i (of 2) by george adam smith
vassall morton by francis parkman
fromont and risler vol. 2 by alphonse daudet
punch or the london charivari volume 107 july 21 1894 by various
studies in modern music second series by w. h. hadow
mark gildersleeve by john s. sauzade
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 7 by various
the three perils of man vol. 1 (of 3) by james hogg
cowboy life on the sidetrack by frank benton
mollie and the unwiseman abroad by john kendrick bangs
american grape training by liberty hyde bailey
fromont and risler vol. 3 by alphonse daudet
baltimore hats by william t. brigham
cape of storms by percival pollard
brownies and bogles by louise imogen guiney
canzoni & ripostes by ezra pound and t.e. hulme
mother goose's nursery rhymes by walter crane
beau brocade by baroness orczy
the expositor's bible: the epistle to the philippians by robert rainy
nooks and corners of old new york by charles hemstreet
fromont and risler vol. 4 by alphonse daudet
an american four-in-hand in britain by andrew carnegie
farm mechanics by herbert a. shearer
king-errant by flora annie steel
in the guardianship of god by flora annie steel
a canadian calendar: xii lyrics by francis sherman
a prelude by francis sherman
in memorabilia mortis by francis sherman
bobby blake at rockledge school by frank a. warner
fromont and risler vols. 1-4 by alphonse daudet
the adventures of dick trevanion by herbert strang
fighting with french by herbert strang
tommy wideawake by h. h. bashford
practical boat-sailing by douglas frazar
how a dear little couple went abroad by mary d. brine
the iron boys in the steel mills by james r. mears
wit and wisdom of lord tredegar by godfrey charles morgan
gerfaut vol. 1 by charles de bernard
a prince of dreamers by flora annie steel
the oriel window by mrs. molesworth
a sovereign remedy by flora annie steel
my fire opal and other tales by sarah warner brooks
the age of dryden by richard garnett
a catalogue of books for the young by various
expositor's bible: index by s. g. ayres
gerfaut vol. 2 by charles de bernard
mollie and the unwiseman by john kendrick bangs
from the five rivers by flora annie steel
tics and their treatment by henry meigne and e. feindel
history of the national flag of the united states of america
miss dividends by archibald clavering gunter
the conduct of life by ralph waldo emerson
early american plays by oscar wegelin
the toy shop by margarita spalding gerry
gerfaut vol. 3 by charles de bernard
memoranda on poisons by thomas hawkes tanner
a study of splashes by arthur mason worthington
in the permanent way by flora annie steel
the old pincushion by mrs. molesworth
after the divorce by grazia deledda
the cross in ritual architecture and art by geo. s. tyack
gerfaut vol. 4 by charles de bernard
women of history by anonymous
the ascent of man by mathilde blind
early illustrated books by alfred w. pollard
st. nicholas vol xiii. no. 8 june 1886 by various
in the tideway by flora annie steel
india through the ages by flora annie steel
gerfaut complete by charles de bernard
cattle-ranch to college by russell doubleday
victorian literature by clement k. shorter
punch or the london charivari volume 150 may 17 1916 by various
the lance of kanana by harry w. french
bird-lore by various
the teaching of epictetus by epictetus
expositor's bible: the gospel of st luke by henry burton
marmaduke by flora annie steel
trilby by george du maurier
conscience vol. 1 by hector malot
the evolution of states by j. m. robertson
the life of henriette sontag countess de rossi by various
english traits by ralph waldo emerson
the montessori method by maria montessori
the young people's wesley by w. mcdonald
margaret vincent by sophia lucy clifford
farming with dynamite by e. i. du pont de nemours powder co.
conscience vol. 2 by hector malot
bikey the skicycle and other tales of jimmieboy by john kendrick bangs
the three perils of man vol. 2 (of 3) by james hogg
the formation of christendom volume ii by thomas w. allies
an open letter to the right honorable david lloyd george by lajpat rai
miser farebrother (vol 2 of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
miser farebrother (vol 3 of 3) by benjamin leopold farjeon
conscience vol. 3 by hector malot
war's brighter side by julian ralph
the beginners of a nation by edward eggleston
alsace-lorraine by daniel blumenthal
modern painting its tendency and meaning by willard huntington wright
conscience vol. 4 by hector malot
the life and writings of henry fuseli vol. ii (of 3) by henry fuseli
jewel mysteries by max pemberton
scottish loch scenery by thomas a. croal
defenseless america by hudson maxim
the church of st. bunco by gordon clark
the girl next door by augusta huiell seaman
discoveries among the ruins of nineveh and babylon by austen h. layard
western scenes and reminiscences by henry rowe schoolcraft
conscience complete by hector malot
the life of crustacea by william thomas calman
'farewell nikola' by guy boothby
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 6 by various
the poems of philip freneau volume iii (of iii) by philip freneau
madame chrysantheme vol. 1 by pierre loti
omphalos by philip henry gosse
the army mule and other war sketches by henry a. castle
tom willoughby's scouts by herbert strang
expositor's bible: the book of ecclesiastes by samuel cox
reports on the maya indians of yucatan by santiago mendez
gouverneur morris by theodore roosevelt
narrative of an expedition to the shores of the arctic sea in
crusoe's island: a ramble in the footsteps of alexander
madame chrysantheme vol. 2 by pierre loti
yarmouth notes by frederick danby palmer
juggernaut by george cary eggleston and dolores marboug
the lucky seventh by ralph henry barbour
down the river to the sea by agnes maule machar
a short history of english music by ernest ford
puffing billy and the prize rocket by helen cross knight
daniel boone by reuben gold thwaites
man's place in the universe by alfred r. wallace
a dialogue upon the gardens by william gilpin
traditions superstitions and folk-lore by charles hardwick
ashton kirk secret agent by john t. mcintyre
expositor's bible: the song of solomon by walter adeney
botticelli by henry bryan binns
delacroix by paul g. konody
caper-sauce by fanny fern
peeps at people by john kendrick bangs
trees. a woodland notebook by herbert maxwell
madame chrysantheme complete by pierre loti
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 7 1894 by various
the iowa by william harvey miner
with americans of past and present days by j. j. jusserand
the dawn of day by friedrich wilhelm nietzsche
expositor's bible: ezra nehemiah and esther by walter adeney
prairie gold by various
the three perils of man vol. 3 (of 3) by james hogg
an attic philosopher vol. 1 by emile souvestre
the works of sir thomas browne (volume 1 of 3) by thomas browne
the works of sir thomas browne (volume 2 of 3) by thomas browne
the works of sir thomas browne by thomas browne
the positive outcome of philosophy by joseph dietzgen
american big-game hunting by various
curiosities of christian history by croake james
sources of the synoptic gospels by carl s. patton
lancashire humour by thomas newbigging
a civic biology by george william hunter
an attic philosopher vol. 2 by emile souvestre
the hill of venus by nathan gallizier
bonaparte in egypt and the egyptians of to-day by haji a. browne
palmetto-leaves by harriet beecher stowe
audubon and his journals volume i (of 2) by maria r. audubon
illustrations of universal progress by herbert spencer
the royal mail by james wilson hyde
audubon and his journals vol. 2 by maria r. audubon
an attic philosopher vol. 3 by emile souvestre
farmer george volume 1 by lewis melville
farmer george volume 2 by lewis melville
the weird of the wentworths vol. 1 by johannes scotus
the weird of the wentworths vol. 2 by johannes scotus
lord loveland discovers america by c. n. williamson
the potter's thumb by flora annie steel
the way of initiation by rudolf steiner
the flower of forgiveness by flora annie steel
the churches of paris by s. sophia beale
the hosts of the lord by flora annie steel
gardening for little girls by olive hyde foster
the history of painting in italy vol. v (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
library notes by a. p. russell
science of animal locomotion (zoopraxography) by eadweard muybridge
the great acceptance by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
helen of troy and other poems by sara teasdale
extinct birds by walter rothschild
an english girl's first impressions of burmah by beth ellis
the die varieties of the nesbitt series of united states
australian heroes and adventurers by william pyke
margaret capel vol. 1 of 3 by ellen wallace
the autobiography of a cornish smuggler by harry carter
summer cruising in the south seas by charles warren stoddard
the master of warlock by george cary eggleston
john burnet of barns by john buchan
the last rose of summer by rupert hughes
the stampeder by s. a. white
bass pike perch and others by james alexander henshall
the barren ground of northern canada by warburton mayer pike
monsieur lecoq vol. 2 the honor of the name by emile gaboriau
the thames by g. e. mitton
the history of chivalry volume i (of 2) by charles mills
the history of chivalry volume ii (of 2) by charles mills
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no. 398
the scarecrow and other stories by g. ranger wormser
royal english bookbindings by cyril davenport
gunpowder plot and lord mounteagle's letter by henry hawkes spink jr
androcles and the lion by george bernard shaw
nooks and corners of english life past and present by john timbs
mexico by susan hale
the princess dehra by john reed scott
book of monsters by david fairchild and
tramping with tramps by josiah flynt
preface to androcles and the lion by george bernard shaw
flowers shown to the children by c. e. smith
voices in the night by flora annie steel
dispatch carrier and memoirs of andersonville prison
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 october 20 1894 by various
the newcastle song book by various
herb of grace by rosa nouchette carey
found at last: the veritable garden of eden by david van slyke
margaret capel vol. 2 of 3 by ellen wallace
margaret capel vol. 3 of 3 by ellen wallace
the natural history of cage birds by j. m. bechstein
yule logs by various
the life of florence nightingale vol. 1 of 2 by edward tyas cook
the life of florence nightingale vol. 2 of 2 by edward tyas cook
wanderfoot by cynthia stockley
yesterdays by ella wheeler wilcox
christian faith under modern searchlights by william hallock johnson
blackwood's edinburgh magazine--volume 62 no. 386
every girl's library volume 8 of 10 by various
mal moul? by ella wheeler wilcox
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 9 1893 by various
the iron boys on the ore boats by james r. mears
catholic world. volume ii; numbers 7 8 9 10 11 12. by e. rameur
argentina by w. a. hirst
gebir and count julian by walter savage landor
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 389 march 1848
nooks and corners of old london by charles hemstreet
a lively bit of the front by percy f. westerman
the knight of malta by eugene sue
atrocious judges by john campbell baron campbell
the principles of economics by frank a. fetter
my life by josiah flynt
the philosophy of disenchantment by edgar saltus
count julian by walter savage landor
thomas chalmers by w. garden blaikie
the thirty years' war by samuel rawson gardiner
mollie's prince by rosa nouchette carey
the strand magazine - vol. 1 - no. 3 - march 1891 by various
the victories of love and other poems by coventry patmore
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 391 may 1848
the solution of the pyramid problem by robert ballard
guernsey pictorial directory and stranger's guide by thomas bellamy
the world as will and idea (vol. 2 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 63 no. 392 june 1848 various
blix by frank norris
marmion by walter scott
popular technology; volume 2 by edward hazen
denry the audacious by arnold bennett
baseball joe at yale by lester chadwick
loimologia: or an historical account of the plague in
taxidermy and zoological collecting by william t. hornaday
epicoene: or the silent woman by ben jonson
in silk attire by william black
the flags of the world by f. edward hulme
fashion and famine by ann s. stephens
edith and john by franklin s. farquhar
the religious tract society catalogue - 1889 by various
curiosities of light and sight by shelford bidwell
the dutch twins by lucy fitch perkins
the vampire cat by gerard van etten
the meeting-place of geology and history by sir john william dawson
glimpses into the abyss by mary higgs
poetical ingenuities and eccentricities by various
the railroad problem by edward hungerford
the cock and anchor by joseph sheridan le fanu
joe miller's jests by elijah jenkins
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no.394 august 1848
missy by miriam coles harris
a day with john milton by may byron
early travels in palestine by arculf et al
a report on washington territory by william henry ruffner
sister anne (novels of paul de kock volume x) by charles paul de kock
a moral alphabet by hilaire belloc
the makers of modern rome by mrs. margaret oliphant
the mercy of the lord by flora annie steel
the red white and green by herbert hayens
arsene lupin by edgar jepson & maurice leblanc
on the face of the waters by flora annie steel
red rowans by flora annie steel
miss stuart's legacy by flora annie steel
la salle and the discovery of the great west by francis parkman
a history of art in ancient egypt vol. i (of 2)
the foolish almanak by anonymous
the city of masks by george barr mccutcheon
harper's new monthly magazine no. vi november 1850 vol. i by various
the footlights fore and aft by channing pollock
a history of art in ancient egypt vol. ii (of 2)
constance sherwood by lady georgiana fullerton
phil-o-rum's canoe and madeleine vercheres by william henry drummond
the first true gentleman by anonymous
sing a song of sixpence by mary holdsworth
akbar by p. a. s. van limburg-brouwer
breeding minks in louisiana for their fur by william andre elfer
manners vol 1 of 3 by frances brooke
manners vol 2 of 3 by frances brooke
prince eugene by louisa muhlbach
manners vol 3 of 3 by frances brooke
a book about doctors by john cordy jeaffreson
the humour and pathos of anglo-indian life by dr. ticklemore
minius vamb? his life and adventures by minius vamb?
history of the opera from its origin in italy to the
notes and queries index of volume 4 july-december 1851 by various
the archaeology of the yakima valley by harlan ingersoll smith
the old adam by arnold bennett
the hollow needle by maurice leblanc
notes and queries vol. v number 114 january 3 1852 by various
the literature of the old testament by george foot moore
pippin; a wandering flame by laura e. richards
the carter girls by nell speed
the carter girls' week-end camp by nell speed
japanese fairy tales by yei theodora ozaki
a woman's love by amelia alderson opie
to leeward by f. marion crawford
a garden with house attached by sarah warner brooks
the natural cure of consumption constipation bright's
modern geography by marion i. newbigin
love in the suds: a town eclogue by william kenrick
the lure of the labrador wild by dillon wallace
science and practice in farm cultivation by james buckman
josh billings' old farmer's allminax by henry wheeler shaw
a student's history of england v. 2 (of 3) by samuel rawson gardiner
the oxford book of american essays by various
the country-life movement in the united states by l.h. bailey
practical lithography by alfred seymour
mabel vol. ii (of 3) by emma newby
penrod by booth tarkington
arcadian adventures with the idle rich by stephen leacock
exultations by ezra pound
the annals of ann by kate trimble sharber
ars? lupin versus herlock sholmes by maurice leblanc
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 16 1893 by various
history of cleopatra queen of egypt by jacob abbott
bible studies by joseph m. wheeler
the christian doctrine of hell by joseph m. wheeler
life of thomas paine by richard carlile
marriage in free society by edward carpenter
thomas paine the apostle of liberty by john e. remsburg
church reform by richard carlile
a letter to the society for the suppression of vice on
the swan and her crew by george christopher davies
descriptive zoopraxography by eadweard muybridge
the patriarchs by j. g. bellett
the border rifles by gustave aimard
how women should ride by c. de hurst
british quarterly review american edition volume liv by various
evolution of life and form by annie wood besant
america discovered by the welsh in 1170 a.d.by benjamin franklin bowen
the fall of prince florestan of monaco by charles wentworth dilke
the love letters of abelard and heloise by peter abelard and heloise
history of randolph-macon college virginia by richard irby
candida by george bernard shaw
post-impressions by simeon strunsky
from milliken's bend to july 4 1863 by john jackson kellogg
the early introduction of bogus freemasonry in the united states
expositor's bible: the books of chronicles by william henry bennett
memoirs of benjamin franklin; written by himself volume ii (of 2)
by the sea and other verses by hannah lavinia baily
a thousand miles in the rob roy canoe on rivers
letters on astronomy by denison olmsted
hieroglyphics by arthur machen
the modern railroad by edward hungerford
the hittites by a. h. sayce
the history of the thirteen colonies of north america 1497-1763
north cornwall fairies and legends by enys tregarthen
in a cheshire garden by geoffrey egerton-warburton
of the decorative illustration of books old and new by walter crane
titian; a collection of fifteen pictures and a portrait
the baptist magazine vol. 27 may 1835 by various
peachmonk by john eyerman
barium a cause of the loco-weed disease by albert cornelius crawford
man's place in nature and other essays by thomas henry huxley
charles auchester volume 2 (of 2) by elizabeth sheppard
frank merriwell's triumph by burt l. standish
folly as it flies by fanny fern
regiment of women by clemence dane
punster's pocket-book charles molloy westmacott
the celtic magazine vol i no. iv february 1876 by various
little songs by eliza lee follen
nooks and corners of pembrokeshire by h. thornhill timmins
london before the conquest by w. r. lethaby
the bolsheviki and world peace by leon trotzky
maps of old london by anonymous
the celtic magazine vol i no. v march 1876 by various
stories of invention by edward e. hale
the threatening eye by edward frederick knight
the autobiography of benvenuto cellini
retrospect of western travel volume i (of 2) by harriet martineau
retrospect of western travel volume ii (of 2) by harriet martineau
rudy and babette by hans christian andersen
the syrian christ by abraham mitrie rihbany
the decoration of leather by georges de r?
the treatment of hay fever by george frederick laidlaw
the modes of ancient greek music by david binning monro
the violin by george dubourg
true stories about dogs and cats by eliza lee cabot follen
the testimony of tradition by david macritchie
vie de boh? by orlo williams
lord montagu's page by g. p. r. james
ole bull by sara c. bull
soldiers of fortune by richard harding davis
travellers' stories by eliza lee cabot follen
dorothy by evelyn raymond
sporting society vol. i (of 2) by various
sporting society vol. ii (of 2) by various
the rover boys down east by arthur m. winfield
problems of the pacific by frank fox
nooks and corners of old paris by georges cain
the art of amusing by frank bellew
the london prodigal by william shakespeare
the intoxicated ghost by arlo bates
the contemporary review volume 36 december 1879 by various
at the age of eve by kate trimble sharber
the book of cheese by charles thom and walter warner fisk
atlantis the antediluvian world by ignatius donnelly
mr punch afloat edited by j. a. hammerton
grim tales by edith nesbit
modern illustration by joseph pennell
the celtic magazine vol. i no. vi april 1886 by various
true to a type vol. i (of 2) by robert cleland
true to a type vol. ii (of 2) by robert cleland
inchbracken by robert cleland
a rich man's relatives (vol. 1 of 3) by robert cleland
a rich man's relatives (vol. 2 of 3) by robert cleland
a rich man's relatives (vol. 3 of 3) by robert cleland
birds in london by w. h. hudson
the bath keepers v.1 (novels of paul de kock volume vii)
the agrarian problem in the sixteenth century by richard henry tawney
connie morgan in alaska by james b. hendryx
the further adventures of mr. verdant green an oxford under-graduate
selections from the observator (1681-1687) by roger l'estrange
the untilled field by george moore
beaumarchais and the war of american independence vol. 2 of 2
king alfred's old english version of st. augustine's soliloquies
the freedom of science by joseph donat
a song of the guns by gilbert frankau
the spanish brothers by deborah alcock
the coward behind the curtain by richard marsh
the crime and the criminal by richard marsh
the chase of the ruby by richard marsh
greek studies: a series of essays by walter horatio pater
punch or the london charivari vol. 107. august 4 1894 by various
the datchet diamonds by richard marsh
confessions of a young lady by richard marsh
nooks and corners of shropshire by h. thornhill timmins
cathedral cities of spain by william wiehe collins
four months afoot in spain by harry a. franck
the fairy ring by various
essays from 'the guardian' by walter horatio pater
stories of the universe: animal life by b. lindsay
an alphabet of quadrupeds by anonymous
anarchy by errico malatesta
mary ware in texas by annie f. johnston
the decoration of houses by edith wharton and ogden codman jr.
an annapolis first classman by lt.com. edward l. beach
appreciations with an essay on style by walter horatio pater
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 2 by various
cork: its origin and industrial uses by gilbert e. stecher
imaginary portraits by walter horatio pater
the school system of norway by david allen anderson
vistas in sicily by arthur stanley riggs
musical myths and facts volume i (of 2) by carl engel
musical myths and facts volume ii (of 2) by carl engel
rutledge by miriam coles harris
wandering ghosts by f. marion crawford
studies of christianity by james martineau
volpone by ben jonson
cathedral cities of france by herbert marshall and hester marshall
the letters of a post-impressionist by vincent van gogh
sketches from the subject and neighbour lands of venice
jack harvey's adventures by ruel perley smith
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 65 no. 403 may 1849
the turn of the balance by brand whitlock
industrial biography by samuel smiles
the pedler of dust sticks by eliza lee cabot follen
history of the origin formation and adoption of the constitution
three little women's success by gabrielle e. jackson
sagas from the far east by various
mary seaham volume 1 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
mary seaham volume 2 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
mary seaham volume 3 of 3 by elizabeth caroline grey
a devotee by mary cholmondeley
conscience by eliza lee cabot follen
dickens and his illustrators by frederic g. kitton
sophy of kravonia by anthony hope
tower's little primer by anna tower
it may be true volume 1 of 3 by mrs. wood
the adventures and vagaries of twm shon catti
mozart: the man and the artist as revealed in his own words
the comical adventures of twm shon catty by t. j. llewelyn prichard
lessons in the art of illuminating by w. j. loftie
surgical instruments in greek and roman times by john stewart milne
chinese mother goose rhymes by various
daddy long-legs by jean webster
report of the hoosac tunnel and troy and greenfield railroad by
sermon delivered before his excellency edward everett governor
robinson crusoe's money; by david a. wells
the dynasts by thomas hardy
in the saddle by oliver optic
miss hildreth volume 1 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
miss hildreth volume 2 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
miss hildreth volume 3 of 3 by augusta de grasse stevens
the place of dragons by william le queux
plato and the other companions of sokrates
plato and the other companions of sokrates
plato and the other companions of sokrates
plato and the other companions of sokrates
plato's doctrine respecting the rotation of the earth and
what the animals do and say by eliza lee cabot follen
a day with william shakespeare by maurice clare
a day with the poet tennyson by anonymous
the spirit of god as fire by d. mortimore
the union: or select scots and english poems by various
red palmer: a practical treatise on fly fishing by james tayler
pond and stream by arthur ransome
the child's book of the seasons by arthur ransome
omoo: adventures in the south seas by herman melville
violet forster's lover by richard marsh
under one flag by richard marsh
the twickenham peerage by richard marsh
tom ossington's ghost by richard marsh
frivolities by richard marsh
master of men by e. phillips oppenheim
comparative studies in nursery rhymes by lina eckenstein
animal intelligence by george j. romanes
the garden of survival by algernon blackwood
the little colonel's holidays by annie fellows johnston
the mystery of lincoln's inn by robert machray
just irish by charles battell loomis
indian and scout by f. s. brereton
the barnet book of photography by various
an historical summary of the post office in scotland by t. b. lang
expositor's bible: the book of job by robert watson
alamo ranch by sarah warner brooks
the history of creation vol. i (of 2) by ernst haeckel
the history of creation vol. ii (of 2) by ernst haeckel
the life and writings of henry fuseli volume iii (of 3)
the indian in his wigwam by henry r. schoolcraft
children of the dawn by elsie finnimore buckley
with fire and sword by samuel h. m. byers
in the foreign legion by erwin rosen
the talkative wig by eliza lee cabot follen
the quest of the four by joseph a. altsheler
concerning children by charlotte perkins gilman
the meaning of faith by harry emerson fosdick
these twain by arnold bennett
the missing link in modern spiritualism by a. leah underhill
happy-go-lucky by ian hay
the story of an ancient parish by h. r. coulthard
piccolissima by eliza lee cabot follen
the white canoe by alan sullivan
the red lottery ticket by fortun?u boisgobey
sylvie: souvenirs du valois by g?rd de nerval
the king of diamonds by louis tracy
the ordeal of elizabeth by anonymous
the prairie schooner by william francis hooker
curiosities of civilization by andrew wynter
abridgment of the debates of congress from 1789 to 1856
adventures and letters by richard harding davis
mates at billabong by mary grant bruce
leatherface by baroness orczy
the brownies and prince florimel by palmer cox
history of the state of california by john t. frost
ginger-snaps by fanny fern
true stories of girl heroines by evelyn everett-green
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 july 28th 1894 by various
lady bridget in the never-never land by rosa praed
the watcher by j. sheridan le fanu
commander lawless v.c. by rolf bennett
danes saxons and normans by john g. edgar
minority report of the committee on railways in relation to
a bottle in the smoke by milne rae
the bath keepers v.2 (novels of paul de kock volume vii)
the captain of the janizaries by james m. ludlow
address to the inhabitants by richard johnson
the soul stealer by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
yorkshire family romance by frederick ross
kathie's soldiers by amanda minnie douglas
the chronicles of rhoda by florence tinsley cox
in league with israel by annie f. johnston
spanish vistas by george parsons lathrop
the complete works of nathaniel hawthorne appendix to volume xii:
nuttie's father by charlotte m. yonge
a century in the comptroller's office state of new york
portrait miniatures by george c. williamson
talks about flowers by m. d. wellcome
they who knock at our gates by mary antin
whittaker & co.'s list of classical educational and
the history of chivalry by g. p. r. james
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 14 slice 1 by various
a lost cause by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
a lady's visit to the gold diggings of australia in 1852-53
brother against brother by john roy musick
the baptist magazine vol. 27 june 1835 by various
a fortune hunter; or the old stone corral by john dunloe carteret
the rival campers afloat by ruel perley smith
the rival campers by ruel perley smith
the private life of the romans by harold whetstone johnston
the future of the colored race in america by william aikman
plain english by marian wharton
aristotle and ancient educational ideals by thomas davidson
the queen bee and other nature stories by carl ewald
the g?ence; a comedy ballet in the nahuatl-spanish
the bee's bayonet by edwin alfred watrous
snowflakes by esther nelson karn
captain calamity by rolf bennett
a yankee in the far east by george hoyt allen
moth and rust by mary cholmondeley
the mercenary by w. j. eccott
tales of mean streets by arthur morrison
marius the epicurean vol. 1 by walter pater
the chronicles of count antonio by anthony hope
the angel by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
the other side of the sun by evelyn sharp
the ranche on the oxhide by henry inman
smiles by alice lewis richards
in the land of temples by joseph pennell
marius the epicurean vol. 2 by walter pater
a general history of the pyrates: from their first rise
secret service submarine by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
notes and queries vol. v number 115 january 10 1852 by various
the god in the car by anthony hope
lancashire by leo hartley grindon
comrades on river and lake by ralph victor
yellowstone nights by herbert quick
the kath?arit s?ra by somadeva bhatta
a brief history of wood-engraving from its invention by joseph cundall
miscellaneous studies by walter pater
a century of science and other essays by john fiske
alexander hamilton by charles a. conant
school-room humour by dr. macnamara
into the highways and hedges by frances frederica montr?r
children of christmas and others by edith m. thomas
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 31 1887 by various
appreciations of richard harding davis by various
over the border by herman whitaker
the freebooters by gustave aimard
art in america by samuel greene wheeler benjamin
the motor boat club at nantucket by h. irving hancock
the legal position of the clergy by p. v. smith
excuse me! by rupert hughes
memoir of rev. joseph badger by elihu g. holland
the fifteen decisive battles of the world from marathon
harper's new monthly magazine no. vii december 1850 vol. ii
a history of the reformation (vol. 1 of 2) by thomas m. lindsay
fiends ghosts and sprites by john nettin radcliffe
camilla by fanny burney
hilda's mascot by marie e. ireland
stories from virgil by alfred j. church
private sex advice to women by r. b. armitage
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 24 1887 by various
the iron ration by george abel schreiner
punch or the london charivari volume 93 december 17 1887 by various
peter plymley's letters by sydney smith
british castles by charles h. ashdown
in the roar of the sea by sabine baring-gould
in northern mists (volume 1 of 2) by fridtjof nansen
in northern mists (volume 2 of 2) by fridtjof nansen
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 23 1893
punch or the london charivari vol. 105 december 30 1893
a history of wood-engraving by george edward woodberry
the gentle shepherd: a pastoral comedy by allan ramsay
moonbeams from the larger lunacy by stephen leacock
the following of the star by florence l. barclay
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 8 by various
notes and queries vol. v number 116 january 17 1852 by various
the life of johannes brahms (vol 1 of 2) by florence may
the life of johannes brahms (vol 2 of 2) by florence may
punch or the london charivari vol. 93 november 26 1887 by various
a history of spain by charles e. chapman
on the lightship by herman knickerbocker viel
thirty canadian v. cs. 23d april 1915 to 30th march 1918
sidelights on astronomy by simon newcomb
the hypocrite by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
a guide to the scientific knowledge of things familiar
a system of midwifery by edward rigby
the key to the bront?orks by john malham-dembleby
little johannes by frederik van eeden
the quest by frederik van eeden
materfamilias by ada cambridge
wild apples by henry david thoreau
the interpreter by g. j. whyte-melville
a daughter of the rich by m. e. waller
studies in logical theory by john dewey
a quarter-back's pluck by lester chadwick
frederick the great and his court by luise muhlbach
makers of modern agriculture by william macdonald
synopsis of jewish history by henry a. henry
the white virgin by george manville fenn
the tiger lily by george manville fenn
sawn off by george manville fenn
nurse elisia by george manville fenn
this man's wife by george manville fenn
lives of illustrious shoemakers by william edward winks
notes and queries vol. v number 117 january 24 1852 by various
history of the origin formation and adoption of the constitution
froudacity by j. j. thomas
the greville memoirs (third part) volume i (of ii)
the greville memoirs (third part) volume ii (of ii)
lulu's library volume i (of 3) by louisa m. alcott
lulu's library volume iii (of 3) by louisa m. alcott
the american horsewoman by elizabeth karr
demonology and devil-lore by moncure daniel conway
the school friends by w. h. g. kingston
off to sea by w. h. g. kingston
chronicles of canada vol. 1 of 32 the dawn of canadian history:
roger kyffin's ward by w. h. g. kingston
kidnapping in the pacific by w. h. g. kingston
foxholme hall by w. h. g. kingston
arctic adventures by w. h. g. kingston
who goes there! by robert w. chambers
sport royal by anthony hope
address to the people of the united states together with
the reporter who made himself king by richard harding davis
the master builder by henrik ibsen
the book of the aquarium and water cabinet by shirley hibberd
gretchen by mary j. holmes
the life of daniel de foe by george chalmers
franklin by john bigelow
tom wallis by louis becke
an introduction to the history of science by walter libby
beast and man in india by john lockwood kipling
facts and figures concerning the hoosac tunnel by john j. piper
monsieur lecoq vol. 1 the investigator by emile gaboriau
a summer's outing by carter h. harrison
the harmsworth magazine vol. 1 1898-1899 no. 6 by various
the white house (novels of paul de kock volume xii)
the spell of belgium by isabel anderson
notes and queries vol. v number 118 january 31 1852 by various
the story of a round-house and other poems by john masefield
atlantic narratives by various
songs before sunrise by algernon charles swinburne
the battle of life by charles dickens
through welsh doorways by jeannette augustus marks
pictures of southern life by william howard russell
notes on the bibliography of yucatan and central america
old scrooge: a christmas carol in five staves by charles a. scott
ex voto by samuel bulter
selected list of swan sonnenschein & co.'s publications
tenting on the plains by elizabeth b. custer
liverpool a few years since by james aspinall
the socialist by cyril arthur edward ranger gull and guy thorne
miss primrose by roy rolfe gilson
the second mrs. tanqueray by sir arthur wing pinero
punch or the london charivari volume 107 august 18 1894 by various
swallow by h. rider haggard
paul and his dog v.1 (novels of paul de kock volume xiii)
notes and queries vol. v number 119 february 7 1852 by various
notes and queries vol. v number 120 february 14 1852 by various
psychology and social practice by john dewey
short stories by fyodor dostoyevsky
first impressions on a tour upon the continent by marianne baillie
biblical geography and history by charles foster kent
the civil war in america by sir william howard russell
the intrusion of jimmy by p. g. wodehouse
the old man of the mountain by herbert strang
the nursery january 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery february 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery march 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery april 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery may 1881 vol. xxix by various
the nursery june 1881 vol. xxix by various
genius in sunshine and shadow by maturin murray ballou
the old road by hilaire belloc
the discovery of muscovy by richard hakluyt
fifty years in chains by charles ball
dodo's daughter by e. f. benson
barty crusoe and his man saturday by frances hodgson burnett
nationalism by rabindranath tagore
old plantation days by mrs. n. b. de saussure
the mariner of st malo by s. leacock
christianity unveiled by nicolas-antoine boulanger
human animals by frank hamel
notes and queries vol. v number 121 february 21 1852 by various
brooks's readers third year by stratton d. brooks
expositor's bible: the epistles of st. john by william alexander
autobiography of charles clinton nourse by charles clinton nourse
notes and queries vol. v number 122 february 28 1852 by various
the picture of dorian gray by oscar wilde
the art of cross-examination by francis l. wellman
smithsonian institution - united states national museum
the minute man of the frontier by w. g. puddefoot
strictures on nullification by alexander hill everett
the black riders and other lines by stephen crane
life of edward the black prince by louise creighton
behind the scenes in warring germany by edward lyell fox
the rubicon by e. f. benson
essays in experimental logic by john dewey
scarlet and hyssop by e. f. benson
foods and household management by helen kinne and anna m. cooley
mammon and co. by e. f. benson
a history of the reformation (vol. 2 of 2) by thomas m. lindsay
an address to free coloured americans by an anti-slavery
the souls of black folk by w. e. b. du bois
an imperial marriage by arthur w. marchmont
the behavior of the honey bee in pollen collection by d. b. casteel
the principal navigations voyages traffiques and discoveries
notes and queries vol. v number 123 march 6 1852 by various
the alchemist by ben jonson
expositor's bible: the gospel of matthew by john monro gibson
the swastika by thomas wilson
smoke by ivan sergeevich turgenev
ruth hall by fanny fern
prices of books by henry b. wheatley
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 september 8 1894 by various
the barrier by rex beach
the greatest english classic by cleland boyd mcafee
ghostly phenomena by elliot o'donnell
another summer by charles j. gillis
fictitious & symbolic creatures in art by john vinycomb
the closed book by william le queux
devil's dice by william le queux
twenty-five years in a waggon in south africa by andrew a. anderson
the temptress by william le queux
the under-secretary by william le queux
the pauper of park lane by william le queux
the mysterious three by william le queux
whoso findeth a wife by william le queux
the empire makers by hume nesbit
the new woman by sydney grundy
the adventures of peregrine pickle by tobias smollett
ten years among the mail bags by james holbrook
shakspere & typography by william blades
a watcher in the woods by dallas lore sharp
notes and queries vol. v number 124 march 13 1852 by various
the diva's ruby by f. marion crawford
the connexion between taste and morals by mark hopkins
voltaire by john morley
a short history of h. m. s. victory by william james lloyd wharton
the gully of bluemansdyke by a. conan doyle
beethoven's symphonies critically discussed by alexander teetgen
the adventures of roderick random by tobias smollett
carolina lee by lilian bell
abridgment of the debates of congress from 1789 to 1856
from gretna green to land's end by katharine lee bates
history of the reformation in the sixteenth century
ponce de leon by william pilling
ruins of ancient cities (vol. i of ii) by charles bucke
the journal of the debates in the convention which framed
the flower girl of the ch?au d'eau v.2 by charles paul de kock
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 6 by various
the history of antiquity vol. iii (of vi) by max duncker
paris and the social revolution by alvan francis sanborn
the rival submarines by percy f. westerman
the world as will and idea (vol. 3 of 3) by arthur schopenhauer
true bear stories by joaquin miller
an essay upon projects by daniel defoe
thoughts on art and autobiographical memoirs of giovanni dupr?
fifty-two stories of the british navy from damme to trafalgar
the history of the hen fever by george p. burnham
historic highways of america (vol. 1) by archer butler hulbert
wenderholme by philip gilbert hamerton
adventurings in the psychical by h. addington bruce
turner by william cosmo monkhouse
the affair at the inn by kate douglas wiggin
sir walter scott and the border minstrelsy by andrew lang
our british snails by john william horsley
workhouse characters by margaret wynne nevinson
felix holt the radical by george eliot
katerfelto by g. j. whyte-melville
the personality of american cities by edward hungerford
the works of john knox volume 2 (of 6) by john knox
on the trail of the immigrant by edward a. steiner
jethro wood inventor of the modern plow by frank gilbert
tyrol and its people by clive holland
the american nation: a history vol. 1 european background
diary of an enlisted man by lawrence van alstyne
the art of invigorating and prolonging life by william kitchiner
the pyrotechnist's treasury by thomas kentish
the career of katherine bush by elinor glyn
neither dorking nor the abbey by j. m. barrie
the art of politicks by james bramston
elementary color by milton bradley
the burglars' club by henry a. hering
the morning glory club by george a. kyle
religious and moral poems by phillis wheatley
a literary and historical atlas of asia by j. g. bartholomew
the gentleman and lady's book of politeness and propriety
motor boat boys on the great lakes by louis arundel
the mystery of the pinckney draught by charles c. nott
merlin by edwin arlington robinson
a dash .. .. .. for a throne by arthur w. marchmont
anthony trent master criminal by wyndham martyn
the french twins by lucy fitch perkins
notes and queries vol. v number 125 march 20 1852 by various
the ether of space by oliver lodge
the pillar of light by louis tracy
brother jacques (novels of paul de kock volume xvii)
johnny ludlow. first series by mrs. henry wood
on some ancient battle-fields in lancashire by charles hardwick
the monikins by j. fenimore cooper
pietro ghisleri by francis marion crawford
british political leaders by justin mccarthy
the invention of lithography by alois senefelder
from sketch-book and diary by elizabeth butler
meg of valencia by myra williams jarrell
scouting with kit carson by everett t. tomlinson
johnny ludlow second series by mrs. henry wood
hedda gabler by henrik ibsen
paul and his dog v.2 (novels of paul de kock volume xiv)
the early history of the scottish union question by george w. t. omond
historic highways of america (vol. 3) by archer butler hulbert
the wonderful story of lincoln by charles m. stevens
a greek-english lexicon to the new testament by thomas sheldon green
johnny ludlow third series by mrs. henry wood
a new sensation by albert ross
wigwam and war-path; or the royal chief in chains
under cover by roi cooper megrue and wyndham martyn
johnny ludlow fourth series by mrs. henry wood
the wreck of the red bird by george cary eggleston
miss leslie's new cookery book by eliza leslie
the shadow of the czar by john r. carling
emancipation and emigration by anonymous
the atlantic telegraph by william howard russell
the outrage by annie vivanti
the dreamer of dreams by marie queen of roumania
johnny ludlow fifth series by mrs. henry wood
mushroom culture by w. robinson
the brownie of bodsbeck and other tales (vol. 1 of 2) by james hogg
leibniz's new essays concerning the human understanding by john dewey
the seaman's friend by richard henry dana
le cocu (novels of paul de kock volume xviii) by charles paul de kock
verses and translations by c. s. calverley
the history of antiquity volume iv (of 6) by max duncker
prophecies of robert nixon mother shipton and martha the gypsy
johnny ludlow sixth series by mrs. henry wood
trial of jesus from a lawyer's standpoint vol. i (of ii)
trial of jesus from a lawyer's standpoint vol. ii (of ii)
alice of old vincennes by maurice thompson
history of the great reformation volume iv by j. h. merle d'aubign?
mythical monsters by charles gould
under the stars and bars by walter a. clark
blue-stocking hall (vol 1 of 3) by william pitt scargill
the life of abraham lincoln by ward h. lamon
watson refuted by samuel francis
letter to sir samuel shepherd by anonymous
on the trail of grant and lee by frederick trevor hill
the life of david by anonymous
the doubts of infidels by anonymous
the miraculous conception by anonymous
thoughts on the christian religion by a deist by anonymous
christian mystery by anonymous
the oera linda book by anonymous
notes and queries vol. v number 126 march 27 1852 by various
the works of charles and mary lamb by charles lamb and mary lamb
the paston letters volume ii (of 6) by james gairdner
the angel in the house by coventry patmore
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 8 1895 by various
zoraida by william le queux
the zeppelin destroyer by william le queux
as we forgive them by william le queux
stolen souls by william le queux
the legend of sleepy hollow by washington irving
'hell fer sartain' and other stories by john fox jr.
her majesty's minister by william le queux
the red room by william le queux
if sinners entice thee by william le queux
the eye of istar by william le queux
an eye for an eye by william le queux
the great court scandal by william le queux
the fairy mythology by thomas keightley
the ku klux klan by annie cooper burton
historic highways of america (vol. 14) by archer butler hulbert
a rose of yesterday by f. marion crawford
the mayflower and her log vol. 1 by azel ames
a colony of girls by kate livingston willard
pony tracks by frederic remington
the wonderful story of washington by charles m. stevens
advice to singers by frederick james crowest
abolition a sedition by geo. w. donohue
the land of song book iii by katherine h. shute
south africa and the transvaal war vol. v (of vi) by louis creswicke
john leech his life and work vol. ii (of ii) by william powell frith
lectures on the philosophy and practice of slavery by william a. smith
the mayflower and her log vol. 2 by azel ames
clara vaughan volume i (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
clara vaughan volume ii (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
clara vaughan volume iii (of iii) by r. d. blackmore
from workhouse to westminster by george haw
the paston letters volume iii (of 6) by james gairdner
josh billings on ice by henry wheeler shaw
the barefoot time by adelbert farrington caldwell
the spirit of the ghetto by hutchins hapgood
historic highways of america (vol. 12) by archer butler hulbert
when a man's single by j. m. barrie
the catholic world. volume iii; numbers 1 2 3 4 5 6. by e. rameur
the silver shield by sydney grundy
a philadelphia lawyer in the london courts by thomas leaming
fire and sword in the sudan by rudolf c. slatin
brave deeds of union soldiers by samuel scoville
the mayflower and her log vol. 4 by azel ames
some account of gothic architecture in spain by george edmund street
historic highways of america (vol. 10) by archer butler hulbert
solomon maimon: an autobiography by solomon maimon
the old first massachusetts coast artillery in war and peace
english and scottish ballads volume vii (of 8) by various
international law. a treatise. volume i (of 2)
international law. a treatise. volume ii (of 2)lassa francis oppenheim
the church index by william pepperell
in hostile red by joseph altsheler
the hallowell partnership by katharine holland brown
our people by charles samuel keene
the wizard of west penwith by william bentinck forfar
divine adventures by john niendorff
the mayflower and her log vol. 6 by azel ames
the storm by daniel defoe
historic highways of america (vol. 11) by archer butler hulbert
syndicalism in france by louis levine
calumny refuted by facts from liberia by wilson armistead
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 1 by hubert howe bancroft
a son of perdition by fergus hume
insula sanctorum et doctorum by john healy
the curiosities and law of wills by john proffatt
poems (1686) by anne killigrew
may carols by aubrey de vere
the hunchback of westminster by william le queux
christopher columbus vol. 1 by filson young
the paston letters volume iv (of 6) by james gairdner
the golden bough first edition vol. 1 of 2 by james george frazer
my neighbor raymond (novels of paul de kock volume xi)
the new life (la vita nuova) by dante alighieri
randolph caldecott by henry blackburn
the sign of the stranger by william le queux
christopher columbus vol. 2 by filson young
at the sign of the sword by william le queux
the price of power by william le queux
whatsoever a man soweth by william le queux
her royal highness by william le queux
the journal of the debates in the convention which framed
all-hallow eve; or the test of futurity by robert curtis
mary lee the red cross girl by helen hart
the vinland champions by ottilie a. liljencrantz
the king's jackal by richard harding davis
the king's threshold; and on baile's strand by william butler yeats
historic highways of america (vol. 9) by archer butler hulbert
the amazing argentine by john foster fraser
the secret of charlotte bront?by frederika macdonald
the second fiddle by phyllis bottome
legends of longdendale by thomas middleton
admiral jellicoe by arthur applin
arabian society in the middle ages by edward william lane
the wonder book of knowledge by various
solomon and solomonic literature by moncure daniel conway
dorothy at skyrie by evelyn raymond
historic highways of america (vol. 5) by archer butler hulbert
a russian proprietor by lyof n. tolstoi
rayton: a backwoods mystery by theodore goodridge roberts
mr. jacobs by arlo bates
the wolf cub by patrick casey
rose in bloom by louisa may alcott
the kadambari of bana by bana and bhushanabhatta
the way to win by william le queux
christopher columbus vol. 6 by filson young
the stolen statesman by william le queux
number 70 berlin by william le queux
the bomb-makers by william le queux
studies in the art of rat-catching by h. c. barkley
the white rose of memphis by william c. falkner
the theory and practice of model aeroplaning by v. e. johnson
a plucky girl by l. t. meade
dead man's love by tom gallon
notes and queries vol. v number 127 april 3 1852 by various
the drunkard by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
christopher columbus vol. 7 by filson young
the rand-mcnally bible atlas by jesse l. hurlbut
the children's book of birds by olive thorne miller
book-plates by william j. hardy
historic highways of america (vol. 6) by archer butler hulbert
the fishguard invasion by the french in 1797 by m. e. james
an account of the death of philip jolin by francis cunningham
club life of london vol. i (of 2) by john timbs
lancashire folk-lore by john harland and t. t. wilkinson
the soul of golf by percy adolphus vaile
italy; with sketches of spain and portugal by william beckford
historic highways of america (vol. 4) by arthur butler hulbert
the spell of switzerland by nathan haskell dole
the walking delegate by leroy scott
golden alaska by ernest ingersoll
the red battle flyer by capt. manfred freiherr von richthofen
christopher columbus vols. 1 - 8 by filson young
personae by ezra pound
the chronicle of the norman conquest by master wace
homes and haunts of the most eminent british poets
the isles of scilly by jessie mothersole
trails and tramps in alaska and newfoundland by william s. thomas
historic highways of america (vol. 8) by archer butler hulbert
the siege of norwich castle by matilda maria blake
sharps and flats by john nevil maskelyne
the diary of samuel pepys preface and life
great ghost stories by various
notes and queries vol. v number 128 april 10 1852 by various
the white scalper by gustave aimard
address to the non-slaveholders of the south by lewis tappan
wave of scepticism and the rock of truth by matthew henry habershon
woodland gleanings by charles tilt
the great airship by f. s. brereton
john ermine of the yellowstone by frederic remington
'i believe' and other essays by guy thorne
historic highways of america (vol. 7) by archer butler hulbert
the diary of samuel pepys january 1660
to him that hath by leroy scott
the great strike on the 'q' by john a. hall
mrs. maxon protests by anthony hope
the arab's pledge by edward l. mitford
sant of the secret service by william le queux
narcissa or the road to rome by laura e. richards
a book o' nine tales by arlo bates
the diary of samuel pepys february 1660
chronicles of dustypore by henry stewart cunningham
historical description of westminster abbey by anonymous
self-control by mary brunton
the great god gold by william le queux
little journeys to the homes of great business men: john jacob astor
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1660
the voyages of pedro fernandez de quiros by pedro fernandez de quiros
the diary of a superfluous man and other stories by iv?turg?eff
two great republics: rome and the united states by james hamilton lewis
tales from blackwood volume 6 by various
notes and queries vol. v number 129 april 17 1852 by various
batting to win by lester chadwick
venice and its story by thomas okey
the diary of samuel pepys may 1660
the life of isambard kingdom brunel civil engineer by isambard brunel
the eve of all-hallows v. 1 of 3 by matthew weld hartstonge
selected poems of francis thompson by francis thompson
sonnets of a budding bard by nixon waterman
english-french and french-english dictionary of the motor car
the diary of john evelyn (vol 1 of 2) by john evelyn
stories of useful inventions by samuel eagle foreman
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1660
military career of napoleon the great by montgomery b. gibbs
pre-columbian discovery of america by the northmen by b. f. de costa
captain paul by alexandre dumas pere
punch or the london charivari by various
bashful lover (novels of paul de kock volume xix)
gairloch in north-west ross-shire by john h. dixon
guy deverell v. 1 of 2 by joseph sheridan le fanu
guy deverell v. 2 of 2 by joseph sheridan le fanu
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1660
ballads of books by various
the life and beauties of fanny fern by anonymous
over the ocean by curtis guild
scrambles amongst the alps by edward whymper
the sunset trail by alfred henry lewis
little washington's relatives by lillian elizabeth roy
in search of a siberian klondike by homer b. hulbert
the diary of samuel pepys october november & december 1660
the progress of the marbling art by josef halfer
the americans by edwin davies schoonmaker
brooks's readers: first year by stratton d. brooks
with the battle fleet by franklin matthews
a guide to the virginia springs by john jennings moorman
three months abroad by anna vivanti
ten thousand a-year. volume 3 by samuel warren
with the zionists in gallipoli by john henry patterson
among the humorists and after dinner speakers vol. i by various
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1660
mearing stones by joseph campbell
the assault by frederic william wile
history of the reformation of the sixteenth century volume iii
notes and queries vol. v number 130 april 24 1852 by various
memoirs of emma courtney by mary hays
the life and labours of the rev. samuel marsden by samuel marsden
the diary of samuel pepys january february & march 1661
the mediterranean by thomas gray bonney e. a. r. ball
the ocean wireless boys and the lost liner by wilbur lawton
manual training toys for the boy's workshop by harris w. moore
sheilah mcleod by guy boothby
the diary of samuel pepys april & may 1661
the australian explorers by george grimm
history of the johnstown flood by willis fletcher johnson
speaking of prussians by irvin s. cobb
the story of tonty by mary hartwell catherwood
a new catalogue of vulgar errors by stephen fovargue
miles tremenhere vol 1 of 2 by annette marie maillard
miles tremenhere vol 2 of 2 by annette marie maillard
pastoral days by william hamilton gibson
the butterfly book by william jacob holland
christianity and modern thought by various
the strange adventures of andrew battell by andrew battell
the heroes of asgard by annie keary and e. keary
the arm-chair at the inn by f. hopkinson smith
miss marjoribanks by mrs margaret oliphant
the magazine style-code by leigh h. irvine
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1661
arbuthnotiana: the story of the st. alb-ns ghost (1712)
every man his own doctor by r. t. claridge
notes and queries vol. v number 131 may 1 1852 by various
rose charlitte by marshall saunders
local color by irvin s. cobb
english songs and ballads by various
the flower girl of the ch?au d'eau v.1
ballads by robert louis stevenson
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1661
daniel webster for young americans by daniel webster
the letters of her mother to elizabeth by elinor glyn
a ladder of swords by gilbert parker
the mother of parliaments by harry graham
love letters of nathaniel hawthorne volume i (of 2)
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1661
selections from the prose writings of john henry cardinal
five plays by edward john dunsany
my danish sweetheart. volume 1 of 3 by william clark russell
my danish sweetheart. volume 2 of 3 by william clark russell
my danish sweetheart volume 3 of 3 by william clark russell
the exiles of florida by joshua r. giddings
the bunsby papers by john brougham
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1662
japanese swords by anonymous
the mosstrooper by robert scott fittis
over the seas for uncle sam by elaine sterne
may iverson's career by elizabeth jordan
mrs. dorriman volume 1 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
mrs. dorriman volume 2 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
mrs. dorriman volume 3 of 3 by julie bosville chetwynd
ten thousand a-year (vol. 2) by samuel warren
the awakening of the desert by julius c. birge
my experiences in a lunatic asylum by herman charles merivale
automatic pistol shooting by walter winans
the memoirs of an american citizen by robert herrick
mount royal volume 1 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1662
mount royal volume 2 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
mount royal volume 3 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 15 slice 1 by various
wisconsin in story and song; by various
windsor castle by edward thomas
bellini by george hay
the great civil war in lancashire (1642-1651) by ernest broxap
boys and girls of colonial days by carolyn sherwin bailey
historic towns of the western states by various
the diary of samuel pepys july & august 1662
stories from the faerie queen by edmund spenser and jeanie lang
practical exercises in elementary meteorology by robert decourcy ward
the art of cookery by john mollard
the incredible honeymoon by e. nesbit
miss ravenel's conversion from secession to loyalty by j. w. de forest
letty and the twins by helen sherman griffith
works of francis maitland balfour volume 1 by francis maitland balfour
practical mind-reading by william walker atkinson
the golden bough first edition vol. 2 of 2 by james george frazer
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1662
the king of gee-whiz by emerson hough
the gospel of st. john by frederick denison maurice
the colonial cavalier by maud wilder goodwin
the flying boat by herbert strang
love letters of nathaniel hawthorne volume 2 of 2
in honour bound by sydney grundy
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1662
stained glass of the middle ages in england and france by hugh arnold
willis's current notes by george willis
mohawks volume 1 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
mohawks volume 2 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
mohawks volume 3 of 3 by mary elizabeth braddon
coleridge by samuel levy bensusan
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1662
the history of burke and hare by george mac gregor
bible emblems by edward e. seelye
punch and judy with instructions how to manage the little actors
lippincott's magazine vol. 20 no. 33 november 1877 by various
the modern american pistol and revolver by a. c. gould
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1663
constantinople by william holden hutton
history of the early settlement of the juniata valley
the confessions of a collector by william carew hazlitt
michigan trees by charles herbert otis
elementary zoology second edition by vernon l. kellogg
the boys of 1812 and other naval heroes by james russell soley
uncle walt [walt mason] by walt mason
generals of the british army by francis dodd
admirals of the british navy by francis dodd
the pageant of summer by richard jefferies
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1663
harper's new monthly magazine vol. ii no. x march 1851 by various
the yellow house by e. phillips oppenheim
at the relton arms by evelyn sharp
paper-bag cookery by vera serkoff
shelley by john addington symonds
affinities and other stories by mary roberts rinehard
old rome by robert burn
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1663
dick hamilton's football team by howard r. garis
harper's new monthly magazine vol. iii no. xvii october 1851various
a history of philosophy in epitome by albert schwegler
the girl from the march croft by selma lagerl?
studies in wives by marie belloc lowndes
america volume i (of 6) by joel cook
contraband by g. j. whyte-melville
notes and queries vol. v number 132 may 8 1852 by various
the diary of samuel pepys july & august 1663
in the days of washington by william murray graydon
the protestants plea for a socinian by abraham woodhead
barbara lynn by emily j. jenkinson
the cubies' abc by mary mills lyall
tribes and castes of the central provinces of india by r. v. russell
under the star-spangled banner by f. s. brereton
annals of a fortress by e. viollet-le-duc
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1663
the english lake district by various
the tale of a field hospital by frederick treves
robert kimberly by frank h. spearman
the launch boys' cruise in the deerfoot by edward s. ellis
the sportswoman's library vol. 1 of 2 by various
warriors of old japan and other stories by yei theodora ozaki
the heart of princess osra by anthony hope
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1663
poppea of the post-office by mabel osgood wright
the dogs of boytown by walter a. dyer
frankenstein by mary shelley
curly by roger pocock
the oppressed english by ian hay
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1663
spell of the hawaiian islands and the philippines by isabel anderson
rasputin the rascal monk by william le queux
the mysterious mr. miller by william le queux
the lost million by william le queux
the lady in the car by william le queux
guilty bonds by william le queux
the german spy system from within by william le queux
the broken thread by william le queux
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1664
the king of alsander by james elroy flecker
the bond of black by william le queux
behind the throne by william le queux
industrial cuba by robert p. porter
lords of the world by alfred john church
notes and queries vol. v number 133 may 15 1852 by various
the daffodil fields by john masefield
the everlasting mercy by john masefield
the widow in the bye street by john masefield
the diary of samuel pepys march 1664
callias by alfred john church
the dixie book of days by matthew page andrews
old times in dixie land by caroline e. merrick
notes and queries vol. v number 134 may 22 1852 by various
humphrey duke of gloucester by k.h. vickers
memory by william walker atkinson
current history vol. viii no. 3 june 1918 by various
the diary of samuel pepys april & may 1664
christmas evans by paxton hood
history of the reformation in the sixteenth century volume v
makers and romance of alabama history by b. f. riley
ian hamilton's march by winston spencer churchill
ten months in the field with the boers by anonymous
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1664
the decadent by ralph adams cram
browning and dogma by ethel m. naish
whistler by t. martin wood
the quarterly of the oregon historical society vol. iv by various
russia: its people and its literature by emilia pardo baz?
addison by william john courthope
reynolds by samuel levy bensusan
our girls by dio lewis
through the land of the serb by mary edith durham
the bible in spain by george borrow
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1664
a layman's life of jesus by samuel h. m. byers
how to read human nature by william walker atkinson
picture-work by walter lowrie hervey
dorothy wordsworth by edmund lee
freezing a mother-in-law by thomas edgar pemberton
seven legs across the seas by samuel murray
the mystery of the lost dauphin by emilia pardo baz?
the diary of samuel pepys october & november 1664
the psychology of salesmanship by william walker atkinson
mafeking by f. d. baillie
the young continentals at bunker hill by john t. mcintyre
the new boys at oakdale by morgan scott
bruno by byrd spilman dewey
wheat and huckleberries by charlotte marion (white) vaile
club life of london volume ii (of 2) by john timbs
the battle of sempach by robert walser
thought-culture by william walker atkinson
the diary of samuel pepys december 1664
the bible and life by edwin holt hughes
south africa and the boer-british war volume i
marion berkley by elizabeth b. comins
the house opposite by elizabeth kent
a little girl in old st. louis by amanda minnie douglas
highland targets and other shields by james drummond
memoirs of a veteran who served as a private in the 60's
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1664
in search of el dorado by alexander macdonald
swift by leslie stephen
history of painting in italy volume vi (of 6) by luigi antonio lanzi
langford of the three bars by kate boyles and virgil d. boyles
pistol and revolver shooting by a. l. a. himmelwright
motor boat boys among the florida keys by louis arundel
the divine comedy of dante alighieri by dante alighieri
the progress of invention in the nineteenth century by edward w. byrn
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1665
rubens by samuel levy bensusan
rose clark by fanny fern
leadwork by w. r. lethaby
the orange girl by walter besant
curiosities of olden times by s. baring-gould
history of the jews in russia and poland volume i (of 3)
life in dixie during the war by mary a. h. gay
god wills it! by william stearns davis
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1665
nests and eggs of familiar british birds second series
the weird sisters volume i (of 3) by richard dowling
the weird sisters volume ii (of 3) by richard dowling
the weird sisters volume iii (of 3) by richard dowling
the celebrity at home by violet hunt
burial mounds of the northern sections of the united states
dorothy dale's great secret by margaret penrose
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1665
the playground of satan by beatrice baskerville
picturesque pala by george wharton james
a history of sanskrit literature by arthur a. macdonell
mabel vol. i (of 3) by emma warburton
curiosities of superstition by w. h. davenport adams
jerusalem explored volume i--text by ermete pierotti
the diary of samuel pepys july 1665
the asteroids by daniel kirkwood
the golden bough third edition vol. 4 of 12 by james george frazer
south-sea idyls by charles warren stoddard
a man's man by ian hay
harper's new monthly magazine no. xi--april 1851--vol. ii by various
kimiko and other japanese sketches by lafcadio hearn
the diary of samuel pepys august 1665
haunted london by walter thornbury
amazing grace by kate trimble sharber
john brown soldier of fortune by hill peebles wilson
burne-jones by alfred lys baldry
europe from a motor car by russell richardson
lyre and lancet by f. anstey
the diary of samuel pepys september 1665
a virginia cousin & bar harbor tales by mrs burton harrison
the laughing mill and other stories by julian hawthorne
unexplored spain by abel chapman and walter j. buck
the disputed v.c. by frederick p. gibbon
the funny side of physic by a. d. crabtre
the history of the city of fredericksburg virginia
bypaths in dixie by sarah johnson cocke
mr. witt's widow by anthony hope
the diary of samuel pepys october 1665
outline studies in the new testament for bible teachers
miss santa claus of the pullman by annie fellows johnston
abigail adams and her times by laura elizabeth howe richards
comets and meteors by daniel kirkwood
drum taps in dixie by delavan s. miller
diary of john manningham by john manningham
the diary of samuel pepys november & december 1665
gatherings from spain by richard ford
the strand magazine vol. 1 - no. 1 - january 1891 by various
tuffy todd's adventure by samuel doggerel
reminiscences of a private by frank m. mixson
a complete guide to heraldry by arthur charles fox-davies
chronological retrospect of the history of yarmouth and neighbourhood
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1665
french book-plates by walter hamilton
watteau by c. lewis hind
the spell of scotland by keith clark
curious facts in the history of insects; including spiders
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxiii--april 1852.--vol. iv
the diary of samuel pepys january & february 1666
the art of entertaining by m. e. w. sherwood
christian directory (volume 1 of 4) by richard baxter and george virtue
martin van buren by edward m. shepard
among the tibetans by isabella l. bird
ravenshoe by henry kingsley
reminiscences of travel in australia america and egypt
the diary of samuel pepys march & april 1666
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
just sixteen by susan coolidge
the court of cacus by alexander leighton
the theory and practice of archery by horace ford and w. butt
the milkmaid of montfermeil (novels of paul de kock volume xx)
emmeline by charlotte turner smith
a fool's paradise by sydney grundy
millais by alfred lys baldry
the diary of samuel pepys may & june 1666
is the morality of jesus sound? by m. m. mangasarian
seven short plays by lady gregory
stephen by florence m. kingsley
tom moore by theodore burt sayre
to geyserland by edward f. colborn
the boss of taroomba by e. w. hornung
the swiss family robinson by johann david wyss
the diary of samuel pepys july 1666
a fortnight of folly by maurice thompson
the fort dearborn massacre by linai taliaferro helm
old time wall papers by katherine abbott sanborn
the winning touchdown by lester chadwick
the story of ancient irish civilization by p. w. joyce
the emerald city of oz by l. frank baum
rustic carpentry by paul n. hasluck
home-made toys for girls and boys by a. neely hall
the diary of samuel pepys august & september 1666
a changed heart by may agnes fleming
nullification secession webster's argument and the kentucky
corot by sidney allnutt
armour & weapons by charles john ffoulkes
the british navy book by cyril field
belford's magazine vol. ii no. 3 february 1889 by various
our little ones and the nursery vol. v no. 9 july 1885 by various
the diary of samuel pepys october 1666
civil war and reconstruction in alabama by walter l. fleming
breton legends by anonymous
the youth of parnassus and other stories by logan pearsall smith
keats by sidney colvin
with an ambulance during the franco-german war by charles edward ryan
the diary of samuel pepys november 1666
darkey ways in dixie by margaret a. richard
lays and legends by edith nesbit
turner by c. lewis hind
the feasts of autolycus by elizabeth robins pennell
merck's 1899 manual by merck & co.
a prince of anahuac by james a. porter
the hymns and small cathechism of martin luther
the diary of samuel pepys december 1666
the love affairs of lord byron by francis henry gribble
women in modern industry by b. l. hutchins
the religion of ancient palestine by stanley a. cook
anima poet?by samuel taylor coleridge
the development of metaphysics in persia by muhammad iqbal
jack the hunchback by james otis
a girl's life in virginia before the war by letitia m. burwell
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1666
a system of operative surgery volume iv (of 4) by various
a woman martyr by alice mangold diehl
quips and quiddities by william davenport adams
samplers and tapestry embroideries by marcus bourne huish
the diary of samuel pepys january 1667
prisons and prayer: or a labor of love by elizabeth ryder wheaton
the spell of japan by isabel anderson
surgery with special reference to podiatry
narcissus by unknown
the traditional games of england scotland and ireland
the traditional games of england scotland and ireland
kisington town by abbie farwell brown
the diary of samuel pepys february 1667
dixie after the war by myrta lockett avary
scotch wit and humor by walter henry howe
records of the spanish inquisition by andrew dickson white
d? by herbert ernest augustus furst
the girl of the period and other social essays vol. i (of 2)
the girl of the period and other social essays vol. ii (of 2)
burton of the flying corps by herbert strang
a christmas carol by c. z. barnett and charles dickens
the diary of samuel pepys march 1667
ralph wilton's weird by mrs. alexander
bound to succeed by allen chapman
america volume ii (of 6) by joel cook
pintoricchio by evelyn march phillipps
the egyptian campaigns 1882 to 1885 by charles royle
the real shelley vol. i (of 2) by john cordy jeaffreson
the real shelley vol. ii (of 2) by john cordy jeaffreson
practical graining by william edmund wall
the diary of samuel pepys april 1667
the magistrate by arthur pinero
travels in central asia by arminius v??
the city of beautiful nonsense by e. temple thurston
jimmy quixote by tom gallon
greater britain by charles wentworth dilke
against the current by edward a. steiner
roger the bold by f. s. brereton
under the chinese dragon by f. s. brereton
international law by george grafton wilson and george fox tucker
the diary of samuel pepys may 1667
the poetical works of james beattie by james beattie
traditions and hearthside stories of west cornwall second series
the queer the quaint and the quizzical by frank h. stauffer
albrecht by arlo bates
half a hundred hero tales by various
the hero of panama by f. s. brereton
harper's new monthly magazine no. ix february 1851 vol. ii
the diary of samuel pepys june 1667
studies in moro history law and religion by najeeb m. saleeby
the history of sulu by najeeb m. saleeby
pincher martin o.d. by h. taprell dorling
cornish characters by s. baring-gould
america volume iii (of 6) by joel cook
blazing arrow by edward s. ellis
the human boy and the war by eden phillpotts
the diary of samuel pepys july 1667
the country house by alexis de ch?auneuf
the moths of the british isles first series by richard south
king arthur in cornwall by william howship dickinson
wyoming by edward sylvester ellis
reports of the committee on the conduct of the war
general gatacre by beatrix gatacre
the diary of samuel pepys august 1667
quintus oakes by charles ross jackson
theodore watts-dunton by james douglas
the strand magazine volume xvii february 1899 no. 98 by various
the last miracle by m. p. shiel
tales of northumbria by howard pease
the brownie of bodsbeck and other tales vol. ii (of 2) by james hogg
the story book girls by christina gowans whyte
van eyck by james cyril m. weale
the old pike by thomas b. searight
a treatise on good works by dr. martin luther
the diary of samuel pepys september 1667
the treaty of waitangi by t. lindsay buick
the diary of a saint by arlo bates
frank in the mountains by harry castlemon
joan of the sword hand by samuel rutherford crockett
a legend of reading abbey by charles macfarlane
history of the catholic church in paterson n.j. by charles a. shriner
impressions of america by oscar wilde
the panama canal by frederic jennings haskin
the san francisco fairy by anonymous
byron by richard edgcumbe
the diary of samuel pepys october 1667
a spanish anthology by various
life of thomas ?ecket by henry hart milman
how to catalogue a library by henry benjamin wheatley
ann arbor tales by karl edwin harriman
john marvel assistant by thomas nelson page
the diary of samuel pepys november 1667
the champagne standard by mrs. john lane
phroso by anthony hope
belford's magazine vol ii no. 10 march 1889 by various
hogarth by c. lewis hind
the road builders by samuel merwin
wild heather by l. t. meade
dick merriwell abroad by burt l. standish
general bounce by g. j. whyte-melville
the diary of samuel pepys december 1667
the spell of flanders by edward neville vose
betty leicester's christmas by sarah orne jewett
the golden bough third edition vol. 3 of 12 by james george frazer
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
fra angelico by james mason
puvis de chavannes by francois crastre
carlo dolci by george hay
the art of logical thinking by william walker atkinson
the boy's playbook of science by john henry pepper
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1667
the elements of geology; adapted to the use of schools
the golden bough by george gibbs
bolax by josephine culpeper
baseball joe in the central league by lester chadwick
with the jud?s in the palestine campaign by john henry patterson
the human race by louis figuier
the diary of samuel pepys january 1668
expositor's bible: the second epistle to the corinthians
copper work by augustus f. rose
court beauties of old whitehall by w. r. h. trowbridge
the marne by edith wharton
manual of references and exercises in economics by frank a. fetter
the broken sword by dennison worthington
smith college stories by josephine dodge daskam
the terms of surrender by louis tracy
the diary of samuel pepys february 1668
the ornithology of shakespeare by james edmund harting
the red rugs of tarsus by helen davenport gibbons
the spirit of america by henry van dyke
ragna by anna miller costantini
life of kit carson by charles burdett
leaves for a christmas bough by unknown
dick merriwell's trap by burt l. standish
the cloud by sartell prentice
old tavern signs by fritz august gottfried endell
the diary of samuel pepys march 1668
gold and incense by mark guy pearse
scribner's magazine volume 26 july 1899 by various
the history of prostitution by william w. sanger
the yellow book by henry harland
the yellow book by henry harland
the lure of the mississippi by d. lange
changing china by william gascoyne-cecil and florence gascoyne-cecil
dick merriwell's pranks by burt l. standish
the diary of samuel pepys april 1668
the corsican brothers by alexandre dumas pere
chardin by paul g. konody
filippo lippi by paul g. konody
de mortuis nil nisi bona by ernest evan spicer
benton of the royal mounted by ralph s. kendall
the diary of samuel pepys may 1668
the barrier by allen french
automobile biographies by lyman horace weeks
dynamic thought by william walker atkinson
expositor's bible: the book of jeremiah by william henry bennett
christmas-tide by elizabeth harrison
dave fearless and the cave of mystery by roy rockwood
introducing the american spirit by edward a. steiner
the modern housewife or m?g? by alexis soyer
the diary of samuel pepys june & july 1668
how to master the english bible by james gray
the victorious attitude by orison swett marden
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 1 by various
princess sarah and other stories by john strange winter
the visions of dom francisco de quevedo villegas
the diary of samuel pepys august 1668
the rise of the mediaeval church by alexander clarence flick
the australian army medical corps in egypt by james w. barrett
travels through north america v. 1-2 by berhard saxe-weimar eisenach
the stones of paris in history and letters volume i (of 2)]
nestleton magna by j. jackson wray
the confounding of camelia by anne douglas sedgwick
philippines past and present (volume 2 of 2) by dean conant worcester
the diary of samuel pepys september & october 1668
the moths of the british isles second series by richard south
the maker of rainbows by richard le gallienne
the bedroom and boudoir by lady barker
the pioneer woodsman as he is related to lumbering
friar tuck by robert alexander wason
a complete guide to the ornamental leather work by james revell
a collection of rare and curious tracts on witchcraft
arethusa by f. marion crawford
the diary of samuel pepys november 1668
a select collection of old english plays (11 of 15) by w. carew hazlitt
adventures of ulysses the wanderer by cyril arthur edward ranger gull
camping by alexandra g. lockwine
the boston cooking-school magazine vol. xv no. 2
urania by camille flammarion
whitman's ride through savage lands by oliver woodson nixon
cyrano de bergerac by edmond rostand
the diary of samuel pepys january through december 1668
a tale of red pekin by constancia serjeant
scott greenwood and co. catalogue of special technical
the ship in the desert by joaquin miller
cooley's cyclopaedia of practical receipts sixth ed. volume ii
the microscope by andrew ross
philippine progress prior to 1898 by various
the diary of samuel pepys january 1669
the old showmen and the old london fairs by thomas frost
the law of the north (originally published as empery
the debatable land by arthur colton
mark tidd editor by clarence buddington kelland
the diary of samuel pepys february & march 1669
yachting vol. 1 by edward sullivan lord brassey
the story of a thousand-year pine by enos a. mills
yachting vol. 2 by r. t. pritchett marquis durrerin
mpuke our little african cousin by mary hazelton wade
our little hindu cousin by blanche mcmanus
our little irish cousin by mary hazelton wade
history of the city of brooklyn and kings county by stephen ostrander
the outdoor chums in the forest by quincy allen
the book of curiosities by i. platts
poems by elinor jenkins
the united seas by robert w. rogers
let us follow him by henryk sienkiewicz
the starling by norman macleod
the final diary of samuel pepys january through may 1669
the cid campeador by antonio de trueba
the sabbath at home by silas m. andrews
money by andrew murray
the scout and ranger by james pike
frank merriwell's athletes by burt l. standish
the light keepers by james otis
pottery of the ancient pueblos. (1886 n 04 / 1882-1883
notes and queries number 220 january 14 1854 by various
the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde by robert louis stevenson
dorothy and the wizard in oz by l. frank baum
the entire diary of samuel pepys from january 1660 to may 1669
on the mexican highlands by william seymour edwards
notes and queries number 221 january 21 1854 by various
notes and queries number 222 january 28 1854 by various
notes and queries number 224 february 11 1854 by various
notes and queries number 225 february 18 1854 by various
notes and queries number 226 february 25 1854 by various
notes and queries number 230 march 25 1854 by various
sir christopher wren by lucy phillimore
telling fortunes by cards by mohammed ali
glimpses of three coasts by helen hunt jackson
literary friends by william dean howells
pabo the priest by s. baring-gould
paths of judgement by anne douglas sedgwick
salem chapel v.1/2 by mrs. oliphant
natural stability and the parachute principle in aeroplanes
motor boat boys' river chase by louis arundel
jeppe on the hill by ludvig holberg
a cup of sweets that can never cloy by elizabeth semple
europe in the sixteenth century 1494-1598 fifth edition
english-bisaya grammar by various
the expositor's bible by f. w. farrar
wake-robin by john burroughs
the rocky mountain wonderland by enos a. mills
the trail of the seneca by james a. braden
assyria its princes priests and people by archibald henry sayce
poems by john william draper
dooryard stories by clara dillingham pierson
notes and queries number 135 may 29 1852 by various
notes and queries number 136 june 5 1852 by various
notes and queries number 137 june 12 1852 by various
the elements of geology by w. h. norton
studies of contemporary poets by mary c. sturgeon
the spell of the rockies by enos a. mills
illogical geology by george mccready price
salem chapel v. 2/2 by mrs. oliphant
the curate in charge by margaret oliphant
ireland under the tudors volume i (of ii) by richard bagwell
frank merriwell's champions by burt l. standish
berlin and sans-souci by luise muhlbach
for the white christ by robert ames bennet
akra the slave by wilfrid wilson gibson
the golden helm by wilfrid wilson gibson
your mind and how to use it by william walker atkinson
the red window by fergus hume
bill biddon trapper by edward s. ellis
english narrative poems by various
christopher columbus and how he received and imparted the
the town by leigh hunt
the american egypt by channing arnold and frederick j. tabor frost
memoirs of the life of sir walter scott volume 4 (of 10)
the young marooners on the florida coast by f. r. goulding
the tyranny of tears by charles haddon chambers
the cathedral builders by leader scott
electric gas lighting by norman h. schneider
the spirit lake massacre by thomas teakle
harris's list of covent garden ladies by anonymous
contrasted songs by marian longfellow
the boy scouts at the panama canal by john henry goldfrap
the letters of jane austen by jane austen
mari our little norwegian cousin by mary hazelton wade
the journal to stella by jonathan swift
the voice in singing by emma seiler
history of ancient art by franz von reber
the central eskimo by franz boas
the boy scouts at the panama-pacific exposition by howard payson
third annual report of the kensington parochial institute by anonymous
abolitionism exposed! by w. w. sleigh
at the mercy of tiberius by augusta evans wilson
early western travels 1748-1846 v. 27 by various
a floating home by cyril ionides and j. b. atkins
memoirs of a surrey labourer by george sturt
morag by janet milne rae
the eve of all-hallows v. 2 of 3 by matthew weld hartstonge
the king of the mountains by edmond about
musical criticisms by arthur johnstone
windows a book about stained & painted glass by lewis f. day
frank before vicksburg by harry castlemon
kidnapped by robert louis stevenson
our war with spain for cuba's freedom by trumbull white
the bride of the tomb and queenie's terrible secret
frank on the prairie by harry castlemon
the boy scouts' mountain camp by john henry goldfrap
april fools by w. f. chapman
children in prison and other cruelties of prison life by oscar wilde
how to fence by aaron a. warford
the slang dictionary by john camden hotten
the dull miss archinard by anne douglas sedgwick
the treasure by kathleen norris
the yellowstone national park by hiram martin chittenden
the first capture by harry castlemon
franz hals by edgcumbe staley
the trail-hunter by gustave aimard
the pirates of the prairies by gustave aimard
fragonard by haldane macfall
the trapper's daughter by gustave aimard
culture and anarchy by matthew arnold
biographical outlines by anonymous
carey & hart's catalog (1852) by edward carey and abraham hart
atchoo! by george niblo
the templeton teapot by grace cooke strong
american forest trees by henry h. gibson
armorel of lyonesse by walter besant
the german war by sir arthur conan doyle
the edinburgh new philosophical journal vol. xlix by various
her majesty's mails by william lewins
the founder of new france by charles w.colby
for the honor of randall by lester chadwick
through scandinavia to moscow by william seymour edwards
the violet book by willis boyd allen
rebel women by evelyn sharp
pike & cutlass by george gibbs
the english lakes by a. g. bradley
the puritain widow by william shakespeare
greuze by alys eyre macklin
the spring of the year by dallas lore sharp
the world before them by susanna moodie
western himalaya and tibet by thomas thomson
louise chandler moulton by lilian whiting
transactions of the american society of civil engineers vol.
oak openings by james fenimore cooper
with sully into the sioux land by joseph mills hanson
the making of a prig by evelyn sharp
miss leslie's lady's new receipt-book by eliza leslie
tom slade on the river by percy k. fitzhugh
the nursery july 1881 vol. xxx no. 1 by various
the nursery august 1881 vol. xxx no. 2 by various
the nursery september 1881 vol. xxx no. 3 by various
the nursery october 1881 vol. xxx no. 4 by various
the nursery november 1881 vol. xxx no. 5 by various
the nursery december 1881 vol. xxx no. 6 by various
bernardino luini by james mason
eli and sibyl jones by rufus matthew jones
the world before them by susanna moodie
the poems of sappho by sappho
the pit town coronet volume i (of 3) by charles james wills
the pit town coronet volume ii (of 3) by charles james wills
the pit town coronet volume iii (of 3) by charles james wills
a portrait of the artist as a young man by james joyce
summer by dallas lore sharp
gypsy verses by helen hay whitney
every boy's book: a complete encyclop?a of sports
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 7 by various
the world before them by susanna moodie
the winter solstice altars at hano pueblo by j. walter fewkes
constitutional history of england henry vii to george ii volume ii
sisters by ada cambridge
parish priests and their people in the middle ages
poetry by thomas oldham
the silver poppy by arthur stringer
catholic colonization in minnesota by catholic colonization
the expositor's bible: the book of proverbs by r. f. horton
the art of living in australia by philip e. muskett
out of the hurly-burly by charles heber clark
motor boat boys down the danube by louis arundel
the rescue by anne douglas sedgwick
seventy years on the frontier by alexander majors
with the king at oxford by alfred j. church
winter by dallas lore sharp
the romany rye by george borrow
an autobiography by catherine helen spence
the shadow of ashlydyat by mrs. henry wood
the irish penny journal no. 2 vol. i july 11 1840 by various
under the red crescent by charles s. ryan
our little dutch cousin by blanche mcmanus
our little turkish cousin by mary hazelton wade
studies on the legend of the holy grail by alfred nutt
the camp fire girls at the end of the trail by margaret vandercook
german philosophy and politics by john dewey
shearing in the riverina by rolf boldrewood
bancroft's tourist's guide yosemite by a.l. bancroft
on a donkey's hurricane deck by r. pitcher woodward
a pilgrimage to nejd vol. 1 [of 2] by anne blunt
on the history of gunter's scale and the slide rule
a pilgrimage to nejd vol. 2 [of 2] by anne blunt
maori religion and mythology by edward shortland
laperouse by ernest scott
history of linn county iowa by luther a. brewer and barthinius l. wick
the world of h.g. wells by van wyck brooks
double harness by anthony hope
the fall of the year by dallas lore sharp
world's progress vol. i (of x) by various and the delphian society
mooswa & others of the boundaries by w. a. fraser
riding and driving for women by belle beach
the mystery of a hansom cab by fergus hume
esther's charge by evelyn everett-green
old and new paris v. 1 by henry sutherland edwards
a child's dream of a star by charles dickens
the storm by daniel defoe
the articles of faith by james e. talmage
the paston letters volume v (of 6) by james gairdner
mr. hogarth's will by catherine helen spence
the paston letters volume vi (of 6) part 1 (letters
thunder and lightning by camille flammarion
quicksilver sue by laura elizabeth howe richards
nuts to crack; or quips quirks anecdote and facete of
your national parks by enos a. mills and laurence f. schmeckebier
memoirs of the duchesse de dino 1831-1835 by dorothy duchesse de dino
first and last things by h. g. wells
the expositor's bible: the book of revelation by william milligan
adventures while preaching the gospel of beauty
a little fleet by jack b. yeats
the southern south by albert bushnell hart
expositor's bible: the acts of the apostles vol. 1 by g. t. stokes
the empress josephine by louise muhlbach
the comet and other verses by irving sidney dix
antiquities of the mesa verde national park: cliff palace
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxiv may 1852 vol. iv by various
lone pine by richard baxter townshend
tom swift and his wireless message by victor appleton
the retrospect by ada cambridge
the expositor's bible: the epistles of st. peter by j. rawson lumby
with the indians in the rockies by james willard schultz
women in the printing trades by various
in greek waters by g. a. henty
toy-making at home by morley adams
the great company by beckles willson
giordano bruno by walter pater
popery by edward hoare
in beaver world by enos abijah mills
the san rosario ranch by maud howe
love among the ruins by warwick deeping
the story of scraggles by george wharton james
the girl from the big horn country by mary ellen chase
the communion and communicant by edward hoare
abbotsford by anonymous
the south pole vols. 1 and 2 by roald amundsen
a hundred and seventy chinese poems by various
the christian mother by maria eliza hoare
the duchess of trajetto by anne manning
the history of johnny qu?enus by willam combe
round the red lamp by arthur conan doyle
tom swift and his motor-cycle by victor appleton
poems by alexander smith
expositor's bible: the acts of the apostles vol. 2 by g. t. stokes
the gist of japan by r. b. peery
all about ferrets and rats by adolph isaacsen
frank in the woods by harry castlemon
overland tales by josephine clifford
america volume iv (of 6) by joel cook
the malady of the century by max nordau
the life and letters of lafcadio hearn volume 1 by elizabeth bisland
the life and letters of lafcadio hearn volume 2 by elizabeth bisland
mount rainier by various
rise and fall of the confederate government volume 2
industrial arts design by william h. varnum
the salem witchcraft the planchette mystery and modern spiritualism
the expositor's bible: the book of joshua by william garden blaikie
a week on the concord and merrimack rivers by henry david thoreau
early western travels 1748-1846 (volume xxvi) by various
frankenstein by mary w. shelley
peter of new amsterdam by james otis
an unoficial patriot by helen gardener
facts and fictions of life by helen h. gardener
jeanne of the marshes by e. phillips oppenheim
some verses by helen hay
the duty of submission to civil authority by j.f. moor
the cleverdale mystery or the machine and its wheels by w. a. wilkins
the expositor's bible: the book of leviticus by s. h. kellogg
the golden bough third edition vol. 8 of 12 by james george frazer
correspondence of wagner and liszt vol. 2 of 2
sermons of christmas evans by christmas evans and joseph cross
of the capture of ticonderoga by ethan allen
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 16 slice 8 by various
my airships by alberto santos-dumont
children's stories in american history by henrietta christian wright
the spirit of the links by henry leach
dynevor terrace vol. 1 by charlotte m. yonge
the new hand-book to lowestoft and its environs by anonymous
the cruise of a schooner by albert w. harris
giotto by harry quilter
deaf and dumb! by elizabeth sandham
expositor's bible: the first epistle to the corinthians by marcus dods
diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution volume 3
on the red chalk of england by thomas wiltshire
the adventure of princess sylvia by mrs. c. n. williamson
frank at don carlos' rancho by harry castlemon
tales and legends of the english lakes by wilson armistead
dynevor terrace vol. 2 by charlotte m. yonge
the hart and the water-brooks by john r. macduff
the mystic mid-region by arthur j. burdick
caleb west master diver by f. hopkinson smith
crimes of charity by konrad bercovici
early western travels 1748-1846 volume xii by william faux
the breath of the gods by sidney mccall
the cozy lion by frances hodgson burnett
the stones of paris in history and letters volume ii (of 2)
narrative of the suffering and defeat of the north-western
motors by james slough zerbe
round the corner in gay street by grace s. richmond
chats to 'cello students by arthur broadley
on the economy of machinery and manufactures by charles babbage
primitive man by louis figuier
the wilderness castaways by dillon wallace
scandinavians on the pacific puget sound by thomas ostenson stine
the aristocracy of london: part i: kensington by anonymous
sixty years a queen by sir herbert maxwell
the solomon islands and their natives by henry brougham guppy
the pirate by sir walter scott
an essay on the principle of population by thomas malthus
the myths of the north american indians by lewis spence
our national forests by richard h. douai boerker
sarchedon by george john whyte-melville
stories of the lifeboat by frank mundell
grit a-plenty by dillon wallace
historic adventures by rupert s. holland
the philippine islands 1493-1898: volume xxxi 1640 by diego aduarte
general william booth enters into heaven & other poems by vachel lindsay
mr. punch's book of love by various
vathek by william beckford
horse laughs by chas. h. marshall
the eight-oared victors by lester chadwick
monumental java by j. f. scheltema
misrepresentative women by harry graham
growing up by jennie m. drinkwater
sea stories by various
se-quo-yah from harper's new monthly vol. 41 by william a. phillips
great events in the history of north and south america
blackwood's edinburgh magazine no. 401 march 1849 by various
the diplomatic correspondence of the american revolution
the animal world a book of natural history by theodore wood
storm warriors by john gilmore
the air patrol by herbert strang
the true history of the state prisoner commonly called the iron
beautiful europe: belgium by joseph e. morris
works published by hatchard and co. june 1866 by hatchard and co
the passing of the storm and other poems by alfred castner king
justin wingate ranchman by john h. whitson
goya by fr. crastre
gold elsie by e. marlitt
the kingdom of slender swords by hallie erminie rives
historic events of colonial days by rupert s. holland
colloquies on society by robert southey
colonel washington by archer butler hulbert
lawrence by samuel levy bensusan
the religious persecution in france 1900-1906
alcohol and the human brain by joseph cook
aunt jimmy's will by mabel osgood wright
rise of rail-power in war and conquest 1833-1914 by edwin a. pratt
among the tibetans by isabella l. bird
the coming of cassidy--and the others by clarence e. mulford
the wonderful story of ravalette by paschal beverly randolph
the face of the fields by dallas lore sharp
the expositor's bible: the psalms vol. 1 by a. maclaren
many fronts by lewis r. freeman
the heart of the white mountains their legend and scenery
a history of the early part of the reign of james the second
housekeeping in old virginia by marion cabell tyree
heroines of service by mary rosetta parkman
uruguay by william henry koebel
the mystery of the sea by bram stoker
owen glyndwr and the last struggle for welsh independence
the philippine islands 1493-1898: volume xxxii 1640 by diego aduarte
beulah by augusta j. evans
the truth of christianity by william harry turton
the motor boys by clarence young
barbara rebell by marie belloc lowndes
facts and fancies in modern science by john william dawson
the college freshman's don't book by george fullerton evans
catalogue of messrs blackwood and sons' publications by various
convenient houses by louis henry gibson
a briefe and true report of the new found land of virginia
1000 mythological characters briefly described by edward s. ellis
history of ancient america anterior to the time of columbus
literary celebrities of the english lake-district by frederick sessions
punch or the london charivari january 5th 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari january 12th 1895 by various
the problem of ohio mounds by cyrus thomas
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 january 19 1895 by various
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 january 26 1895 by various
a five years' residence in buenos ayres by george thomas love
at home with the patagonians by george chaworth musters
the popham colony by william frederick poole
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 1 1895 by various
the two magics: the turn of the screw & covering end by henry james
the expositor's bible: the psalms vol. 2 by alexander maclaren
outwitting the hun by pat o'brien
lady eureka v. 1 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
lady eureka v. 2 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
lady eureka v. 3 (of 3) by robert folkestone williams
the paston letters volume vi (of 6) part 2 (index) by james gairdner
the channel islands by joseph morris
miracle gold vol. 2 (of 3) by richard dowling
miracle gold vol. 1 (of 3) by richard dowling
miracle gold vol. 3 (of 3) by richard dowling
familiar studies of men and books by robert louis stevenson
imperial purple by edgar saltus
american independence and the french revolution by s. e. winbolt
new york sketches by jesse lynch williams
the campers out by edward s. ellis
curious creatures in zoology by john ashton
the life everlasting: a reality of romance by marie corelli
lectures on bible revision by samuel newth
the book of the ladies by pierre de bourdeille brantme
historic inventions by rupert s. holland
talks to farmers by charles haddon spurgeon
blackthorn farm by arthur applin
a marriage under the terror by patricia wentworth
god and the king by marjorie bowen
extracts from the diary and correspondence of the late
box and cox by john maddison morton
abraham lincoln by william eleroy curtis
trails through western woods by helen fitzgerald sanders
tintoretto by samuel levy bensusan
dariel by r. d. blackmore
dramatic romances by robert browning
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 15th 1895 by various
the honey-pot by countess barcynska
the gold-seekers by gustave aimard and lascelles wraxall
the tiger-slayer by gustave aimard
yonder by e. h. young
the round towers of ireland by henry o'brien
a july holiday in saxony bohemia and silesia by walter white
miscellanies upon various subjects by john aubrey
the history of peter the great emperor of russia by voltaire
lost diaries by maurice baring
soyer's culinary campaign by alexis soyer
punch or the london charivari volume 107 august 11 1894 by various
art and practice of silver printing by h. p. robinson and capt. abney
indoor and outdoor recreations for girlslina beard and adelia b. beard
a yorkshire tragedy by william shakespeare
magic and witchcraft by anonymous
excursions and poems by henry david thoreau
by the barrow river by edmund leamy
girls of the true blue by l. t. meade
letters of samuel rutherford by samuel rutherford
the art of illustration by charles haddon spurgeon
the story of scotch by enos a. mills
memoirs of the dukes of urbino volume i (of 3) by james dennistoun
art in shell of the ancient americans by william h. holmes
the spook ballads by william theodore parkes
william penn by rupert s. holland
the cornish fishermen's watch night and other stories by annonymous
andersonville vol. 1 by john mcelroy
travels in south kensington by moncure daniel conway
the adopted daughter by elizabeth sandham
ingres by a. j. finberg
the common spiders of the united states by james henry emerton
private letters of edward gibbon (1753-1794) volume 1 (of 2)
scenic mount lowe and its wonderful railway by george wharton james
andersonville vol. 2 by john mcelroy
the deacon by horace c. dale
a little girl in old san francisco by amanda minnie douglas
a history of banks for savings in great britain and ireland
extinct monsters by h. n. hutchinson
the ballads & songs of derbyshire
the grey friars in oxford by andrew g. little
homestead by arthur g. burgoyne
andersonville vol. 3 by john mcelroy
in the open by stanton davis kirkham
a history of american literature since 1870 by fred lewis pattee
the last call (vol. 1 of 3) by richard dowling
the last call (vol. 2 of 3) by richard dowling
the last call (vol. 3 of 3) by richard dowling
the duke's sweetheart by richard dowling
tales and fantasies by robert louis stevenson
andersonville vol. 4 by john mcelroy
under st paul's by richard dowling
the expositor's bible: the prophecies of jeremiah by c j ball
the steam engine explained and illustrated (seventh edition)
san francisco and the nicaragua canal by william lawrence merry
a sermon preached in christ church hartford
mimicry in butterflies by reginald crundall punnett
the shepheard's calender by edmund spenser
the complete essays of john galsworthy
in to the yukon by william seymour edwards
the mother's nursery songs by thomas hastings
english monastic life by abbot gasquet
the medicine-men of the apache (1892 n 09 / 1887-1888
the lady of lynn by walter besant
buckskin mose by buckskin mose
the golden bowl vol. 1 by henry james
poems by robert lovell and robert southey
the book of christmas by thomas k. hervey
camping on the st. lawrence by everett t. tomlinson
the lonely stronghold by mrs. baillie reynolds
poachers and poaching by john watson
the violoncello and its history by wilhelm joseph von wasielewski
the golden bowl vol. 2 by henry james
the outdoor chums in the big woods by quincy allen
private letters of edward gibbon (1753-1794)
the strand magazine volume i issue 2 february 1891 by various
funny epitaphs by arthur wentworth eaton
the golden bowl complete by henry james
the last christmas tree by james lane allen
friends by wilfrid wilson gibson
a jar of honey from mount hybla by leigh hunt
the expositor's bible: the epistle to the galatians by g. g. findlay
old and new paris v. 2 by henry sutherland edwards
heroes every child should know by hamilton wright mabie
the boy craftsman by a. neely hall
scott greenwood catalogue of special technical works
the cross and crown by t. d. curtis
gleanings among the sheaves by charles haddon spurgeon
fletcher of saltoun by g. w. t. omond
a woman's way through unknown labrador by mina benson hubbard
experiments on animals by stephen paget
the golden bough third edition vol. 9 of 12 by james george frazer
across patagonia by lady florence dixie
the deserted city by francis sherman
matins by francis sherman
abbeychurch by charlotte m. yonge
pride and prejudice by jane austen
wanderings and fortunes of some german emigrants friedrich gerstcker
the diary of a hunter from the punjab to the karakorum mountains
fires - book i by wilfrid wilson gibson
fires - book ii by wilfrid wilson gibson
fires - book iii by wilfrid wilson gibson
cousin phillis by elizabeth c. gaskell
sixty years in southern california 1853-1913 by harris newmark
the hero of the people by alexandre dumas
the heritage of dress by wilfred mark webb
god by t. d. curtis
the 'fan kwae' at canton before treaty days 1825-1844
history of epidemics in britain (volume i of ii) by charles creighton
the young cavalier by percy f. westerman
the mesmerist's victim by alexandre dumas
the joys of being a woman by winifred kirkland
an idyll of all fools' day by josephine daskam bacon
harper's new monthly magazine no. xxvi july 1852 vol. v by various
field and woodland plants by william s. furneaux
the gilded man by clifford smyth
the great war syndicate by frank stockton
ragged lady complete by william dean howells
the colonies 1492-1750 by reuben gold thwaites
salom by oscar wilde
across america by james f. rusling
a source book for mediaeval history by oliver j. thatcher
woman under monasticism by lina eckenstein
poisons: their effects and detection by alexander wynter blyth
a modern telemachus by charlotte m. yonge
pompeii its life and art by august mau
recollections of a long life by john stoughton
regulations for the establishment and government
field mice as farm and orchard pests by d. lantz
a treatise on wood engraving by john jackson
the christian year by john keble
a german deserter's war experience by anonymous
the unmasking of robert-houdin by harry houdini
the works of christopher marlowe vol. 2 (of 3) by christopher marlowe
the meadow-brook girls on the tennis courts by janet aldridge
the philippine islands by ramon reyes lala
stand fast craig-royston! (volume i) by william black
nature cure by henry lindlahr
stand fast craig-royston! (volume ii) by william black
stand fast craig-royston! (volume iii) by william black
the englishman in china during the victorian era vol. i
the brighton boys in the trenches by james r. driscoll
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 june 22nd 1895 by various
exotics and retrospectives by lafcadio hearn
the cape peninsula by rn juta
the migration of birds by t. a. coward
wives and daughters by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
the story of the earth and man by j. w. dawson
the indian chief by gustave aimard
the shinto cult by milton spenser terry
the motor boys overland by clarence young
some heroes of travel by william henry davenport adams
ruth by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
tempest-driven (vol. i of 3) by richard dowling
tempest-driven (vol. ii of 3) by richard dowling
tempest-driven (vol. iii of 3) by richard dowling
expositor's bible: the epistles to the thessalonians by james denney
an isle of surrey by richard dowling
the countess of charny by alexandre dumas (pere)
true tales of mountain adventures by mrs. aubrey le blond
distributive justice by john augustine ryan
north and south by elizabeth cleghorn gaskell
the myth in marriage by alice hubbard
fables and fabulists: ancient and modern by thomas newbigging
swords reluctant by max pemberton
report of the committee appointed to investigate the
home life on an ostrich farm by annie martin
much ado about peter by jean webster
the new-york book of poetry by various
two years before the mast by richard henry dana
the story of my life volumes 4-6 by augustus j. c. hare
talks on the study of literature by arlo bates
notes and queries number 138 june 19 1852 by various
an introduction to yoga by annie besant
notes and queries number 139 june 26 1852 by various
notes and queries number 166 january 1 1853 by various
notes and queries number 167 january 8 1853 by various
notes and queries number 168 january 15 1853 by various
notes and queries number 169 january 22 1853 by various
notes and queries number 170 january 29 1853 by various
notes and queries number 171 february 5 1853 by various
notes and queries number 172 february 12 1853 by various
notes and queries number 173 february 19 1853 by various
notes and queries number 174 february 26 1853 by various
winter sunshine by john burroughs
notes and queries number 175 march 5 1853 by various
notes and queries number 176 march 12 1853 by various
notes and queries number 177 march 19 1853 by various
notes and queries index to seventh volume january-june 1853
notes and queries index to eighth volume july-december 1853
notes and queries number 178 march 26 1853 by various
the worn doorstep by margaret sherwood
the gay gnani of gingalee by florence huntley
frivolous cupid by anthony hope
the critique of pure reason by immanuel kant
buck peters ranchman by clarence e. mulford and john wood clay
the young lovell by ford madox hueffer
living on a little by caroline french benton
the history of little jack a foundling by thomas day
mary and i by stephen return riggs
the mystery of the clasped hands by guy boothby
the works of hubert howe bancroft volume 2 by hubert howe bancroft
a treatise on the incubus or night-mare disturbed sleep
helen's babies john habberton
japanese colour-prints and their designers by frederick gookin
katharine frensham by beatrice harraden
mrs. vanderstein's jewels by mrs. charles bryce
unveiling a parallel by alice ilgenfritz jones and ella marchant
lord randolph churchill by winston spencer churchill
notes and queries number 240 june 3 1854 by various
notes and queries number 241 june 10 1854 by various
notes and queries number 242 june 17 1854 by various
notes and queries number 243 june 24 1854 by various
semiramis by edward peple
the stories of el dorado by frona eunice wait
scenes and characters of the middle ages by edward lewes cutts
american flower garden directory by thomas hibbert and robert buist
austria by frederick shoberl
sargent by t. martin wood
in quest of gold by alfred st. johnston
brazilian sketches by t. b. ray
chicago satan's sanctum by l. o. curon
love in a cloud by arlo bates
the veiled man by william le queux
the red track by gustave aimard
popular tales by madame guizot
life and correspondence of david hume volume i (of 2)
life and correspondence of david hume volume ii (of 2)
the sea by jules michelet
the master-christian by marie corelli
punch or the london charivari vol. 107 december 22 1894 by various
assassination of lincoln: a history of the great conspiracy
journals of dorothy wordsworth vol. i (of 2) by dorothy wordsworth
journals of dorothy wordsworth vol. ii (of 2) by dorothy wordsworth
lachmi bai rani of jhansi by michael white
the andes of southern peru by isaiah bowman
king of ranleigh by frederick sadlier brereton
bright ideas for entertaining by mrs. herbert b. linscott
english conferences of ernest renan by ernest renan
rambles in brittany by francis miltoun
a thousand ways to please a husband by louise bennett weaver
montessori elementary materials by maria montessori
the red planet by william j. locke
mildred keith by martha finley
wild life near home by dallas lore sharp
america volume 6 (of 6) by joel cook
in the grip of the mullah by f. s. brereton
wagner as i knew him by ferdinand christian wilhelm praeger
memlinc by w. h. james weale and j. cyril weale
one hundred books famous in english literature by grolier club
the oriental republic of uruguay at the world's columbian exhibition
the rich mrs. burgoyne by kathleen norris
philosophy and the social problem by will durant
la promessa sposa di lammermoor tomo i (of 3) by sir walter scott
la promessa sposa di lammermoor tomo iii (of 3) by sir walter scott
the philippine islands 1493-1898 volume xxxiii 1519-1522
the blue dragon by kirk munroe
cheshire by charles e. kelsey
fur farming for profit by hermon basil laymon
the influence of the stars by rosa baughan
the duchess of berry and the court of charles x
the paris sketch book of mr. m. a. titmarsh: the irish
the expositor's bible: the first book of kings by f. w. farrar
recollections of the civil war by charles a. dana
the guardians of the columbia by john harvey williams
the shadow of victory by myrtle reed
arius the libyan by nathan chapman kouns
rambles in normandy by francis miltoun
the magic egg and other stories by frank stockton
young blood by e. w. hornung
china by sir henry arthur blake
great porter square v. 1 by benjamin leopold farjeon
great porter square v. 2 by benjamin leopold farjeon
great porter square v. 3 by benjamin leopold farjeon
the collected writing of thomas de quincey vol. ii
the mystery of mary stuart by andrew lang
parenthood and race culture by caleb williams saleeby
the lazy minstrel by joseph ashby-sterry
memoirs of robert-houdin ambassador author and conjurer
the eagle's nest by john ruskin
the standard light operas by george upton
angel unawares by c. n. williamson and a. m. williamson
the good wolf by frances hodgson burnett
a world of wonders by various
notes and queries index to ninth volume january-june 1854 by various
the doctor's christmas eve by james lane allen
the conquest by eva emery dye
the last of their race by annie s. swan
neal the miller by james otis
plotinos: complete works v. 1 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 2 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 3 by plotinos (plotinus)
plotinos: complete works v. 4 by plotinos (plotinus)
engraving: its origin processes and history by henri delaborde
horsemanship for women by theodore hoe mead
tales of aztlan the romance of a hero of our late spanish-
the battleship boys in foreign service by frank gee patchin
rambles on the riviera by francis miltoun
frank forester by herbert strang
a rainy june and other stories by ouida
live toys by emma davenport
little ann and other poems by jane taylor and ann taylor
coaches and coaching by leigh hunt
a manual of wood carving by charles g. leland
songs of action by arthur conan doyle
prophetical educational and playing cards
a new century of inventions by james white
masters in art part 32 v. 3 august 1902: giotto by anonymous
the motor scout by herbert strang
brittany by mortimer menpes and dorothy menpes
standard paper-bag cookery by emma paddock telford
the story of the zulu campaign by waller ashe and e. v. wyatt-edgell
modern skepticism by c. j. ellicott
ulster by stephen lucius gwynn
the survey of london by john stow
friarswood post-office by charlotte m. yonge
rowlandson's oxford by a. hamilton gibbs
the house with sixty closets by frank samuel child
the weird orient by henry iliowizi
bible animals; by j. g. wood
the shadow of life by anne douglas sedgwick
moscow by fred whishaw
the riddle of the universe at the close of the
st. nicholas by george h. mcknight
eve's ransom by george gissing
the gates of india by thomas holdich
macaulay's life of samuel johnson by thomas babington macaulay
aaron the jew by benjamin leopold farjeon
the house of the white shadows by benjamin leopold farjeon
toilers of babylon by benjamin leopold farjeon
medival byways by louis f. salzmann
the sea shore by william s. furneaux
pomo bear doctors by samuel alfred barrett
the paying guest by george gissing
the folk-tales of the magyars by various
photography in the studio and in the field by edward m. estabrooke
the history of the british post office by joseph clarence hemmeon
not paul but jesus by jeremy bentham
social problems in porto rico by fred k. fleagle
the plattner story and others by h. g. wells
the whirlpool by george gissing
in unfamiliar england by thomas dowler murphy
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston
castes and tribes of southern india by edgar thurston and k. rangachari
venice by dorothy menpes
old boston taverns and tavern clubs by samuel adams drake
the strange case of dr. jekyll and mr. hyde by robert louis stevenson
the grain of dust by david graham phillips
van dyck by percy m. turner
the church of grasmere by mary l. armitt
around the yule log by willis boyd allen
the nether world by george gissing
opium eating by anonymous
bacteria in daily life by mrs. percy frankland
chaucer's works volume 5 (of 7) -- notes to the canterbury
love after marriage; and other stories of the heart
thyrza by george gissing
the crest of the continent by ernest ingersoll
baseball joe on the giants by lester chadwick
getting gold by j. c. f. johnson
the imported bridegroom by abraham cahan
denzil quarrier by george gissing
george fox by george fox
catholic world; vol. iv.; october 1866 to march 1867 by e. rameur
my african journey by winston churchill
the life of william ewart gladstone: index by john morley
guy kenmore's wife and the rose and the lily
little henry and his bird by anonymous
our friend the charlatan by george gissing
consumers and wage-earners by j. elliot ross
the expert maid-servant by cristine terhune herrick
george eliot's life vol. i (of 3) by george eliot
george eliot's life vol. ii (of 3) by george eliot
george eliot's life vol. iii (of 3) by george eliot
the unclassed by george gissing
a new history of blue beard by gaffer black beard
donald ross of heimra volume i of 3 by william black
donald ross of heimra volume ii of 3 by william black
donald ross of heimra volume iii of 3 by william black
transactions of the american society of civil engineers
history of the jews vol. i (of 6) by heinrich graetz
history of the jews vol. ii (of 6) by heinrich graetz
marie tarnowska by annie vivanti
rumanian bird and beast stories by anonymous
veranilda by george gissing
encyclopaedia britannica 11th edition volume 17 slice 3 by various
in the west country by francis a. knight
theoretical ethics by milton valentine
the criminal imbecile by henry herbert goddard
the heroine by eaton stannard barrett
griselda by wilfrid scawen blunt
in the hands of the cave-dwellers by g. a. henty
millet by percy moore turner
the hundredth chance by ethel m. dell
in the year of jubilee by george gissing
archology and the bible by george a. barton
the alternative by george barr mccutcheon
deutschland ber allah by e. f. benson
mary queen of scots in history by c. a. campbell
a civil servant in burma by herbert thirkel white
agnes of sorrento by harriet beecher stowe
a clerk of oxford by evelyn everett-green
the boy patrol on guard by edward s. ellis
the town traveller by george gissing
devota by augusta evans wilson
on the road to bagdad by f. s. brereton
stromboli and the guns by francis gribble
a young man's year by anthony hope
a widow's tale and other stories by mrs. (margaret) oliphant
meissonier by henri barbusse
total per cent lambing rules by thomas boylan
the chief of the ranges by h. a. cody
chaucer's works volume 1 (of 7) -- romaunt of the rose;
demos by george gissing
how to stuff birds and animals by aaron a. warford
outlines of english history by john charles curtis
the dead secret by wilkie collins
coaching with anecdotes of the road by william pitt lennox
leinster by stephen lucius gwynn
chaucer's works volume 6 (of 7) -- introduction glossary
selected works of voltairine de cleyre by voltairine de cleyre
biographia epistolaris volume 2 by samuel taylor coleridge
the fortune hunter by david graham phillips
will warburton by george gissing
witty pieces by witty people by various
'the system' as uncovered by the san francisco graft
not without thorns by mrs. molesworth
the wood-pigeons and mary by mrs. molesworth
white turrets by mrs. molesworth
the third miss st. quentin by mrs. molesworth
the emancipated by george gissing
tell me a story by mrs. molesworth
the personal history of david copperfield by charles dickens
sweet content by mrs. molesworth
the gold kloof by h. a. bryden
lectures on the philosophy of the human mind (vol. 1 of 3)
maud florence nellie by c. r. coleridge
a bevy of girls by l .t. meade
david's little lad by l. t. meade
a life's morning by george gissing
dumps - a plain girl by l.t. meade
amethyst by christabel r. coleridge
silverthorns by mrs. molesworth
the flaming sword in serbia and elsewhere
blanche by mrs. molesworth
the children of the castle by mrs. molesworth
an enchanted garden by mrs. molesworth
jasper by mrs. molesworth
the laurel walk by mrs. molesworth
the odd women by george gissing
lettice by mrs. molesworth
mary by mrs. molesworth
the little old portrait by mrs. molesworth
imogen by mrs. molesworth
that girl in black by mrs. molesworth
the girl and her fortune by l. t. meade
three girls from school by l. t. meade
a sweet girl graduate by l. t. meade
the little school-mothers by l. t. meade
jill: a flower girl by l. t. meade
a london baby by l. t. meade
a ring of rubies by l. t. meade
scamp and i by l. t. meade
the squire's little girl by l. t. meade
turquoise and ruby by l. t. meade
a world of girls by l. t. meade
an english squire by c. r. coleridge
waynflete by c. r. coleridge
the life of sir richard burton by thomas wright
the constant prince by christobel coleridge
cartouche by frances peard
the career of claudia by frances peard
donna teresa by frances peard
an interloper by frances peard
thorpe regis by frances peard
unawares by frances peard
the swing of the pendulum by frances peard
kingsworth by c. r. coleridge
two studios by frances peard
the romance of the colorado river by frederick s. dellenbaugh
an artist's letters from japan by john la farge
hugh crichton's romance by c. r. coleridge
shaving made easy by anonymous
how to know the ferns by frances theodora parsons
hathercourt by mrs. molesworth
philippa by mrs. molesworth
prentice hugh by f. m. peard
the protection of fresh-water mussels by r. e. coker
by force of impulse by harry v. vogt
walking shadows by alfred noyes
the harlequin opal vol. 1 (of 3) by fergus hume
the harlequin opal vol. 2 (of 3) by fergus hume
the harlequin opal vol. 3 (of 3) by fergus hume
blade-o'-grass. golden grain. and bread and cheese and kisses
afterwards by ian maclaren
chaucerian and other pieces by various
samuel boyd of catchpole square by b. l. (benjamin leopold) farjeon
the last tenant by benjamin leopold farjeon
the ambassadors by henry james
an enquiry concerning the principles of morals by david hume
cornell nature-study leaflets by various
multiplied blessings by edward hoare
the endowed charities of kensington by edward morton daniel
kensington notting hill and paddington by an old inhabitant
the motor boys in mexico by clarence young
is the devil a myth? by c. f. wimberly
the breaking crucible by various
scenes and characters from the works of charles dickens
in the track of r. l. stevenson and elsewhere in old france
english economic history by various
dr. arne and rule britannia by william hayman cummings
zut and other parisians by guy wetmore carryl
the boy patrol around the council fire by edward sylvester ellis
my three days in gilead by elmer u. hoenshel
the ceramic art by jennie j. young
the lyon in mourning vol. 1 by robert forbes
the world's best poetry volume ix: of tragedy: of humour by various
poetry: a magazine of verse volume i by various
blackwood's edinburgh magazine volume 64 no. 397 november
the hawthorne by anonymous
the heart-cry of jesus by byron j. rees
legends of the bastille by frantz funck-brentano
the spirit land by samuel b. emmons
princes and poisoners by frantz funck-brentano
fifty famous fables by lida brown mcmurry
the adventures of franois by s. weir mitchell
a madeira party by s. weir mitchell
luke barnicott by william howitt
the motor routes of england by gordon home
the epic of saul by william cleaver wilkinson
little playfellows: by unknown
our little canadian cousin by elizabeth roberts macdonald
the new book of martyrs by georges duhamel
our little english cousin by blanche mcmanus
yellow thunder our little indian cousin by mary hazelton wade
tessa our little italian cousin by mary hazelton wade
punch or the london charivari vol. 108 march 30th 1895 by various
domesday book and beyond by frederic william maitland
the mentor: holland v. 2 num. 6 serial no. 58 by dwight elmendorf
pittsburgh in 1816 by various
the expansion of europe by ramsay muir
the broken font vol. 1 (of 2) by moyle sherer
the broken font vol. 2 (of 2) by moyle sherer
under wolfe's flag by rowland walker
the valley of decision by edith wharton
the perambulations of a bee and a butterfly by elizabeth sandham
the works of alexander pope volume 2 (of 10) by alexander pope
cakes & ale by edward spencer
two expeditions into the interior of southern australia vol. 1
jean baptiste by james edward le rossignol
